1. E=mc^2, works singally in a parametered field, you cant disect it to apply to a non-segmented math axiom...What is very curious is 3A-ATLAS, is moving against standard gravity norms. This has bee reported frequently, "Adjusted orbital path" so Our research cites several structural/propulsionary annomalies, high deuterium content, glowing like Chernenkov radiation, an icy blue color, Dr. Avi Laub, states this is not a comet or planetary item, he gives it 0.63% chance that it came from random celestial events....so one can conclude a great many things here, the consesus is probe/servayor, or just a cool blue iceball flying through😅...
2. Si, claro....
3. It's a hypothetical, plausible, calculable, It can be defined as a probe, but why???..
4. Several factors, Deuterium (as fuel sorce) antitail is a geometric "Array" not random, points to Sagatari group, non-metalic composition of 3A/ATLAS,(prevents signal attenuation), alignment to the WOW signal at less than 6% deviation from 3A/ATLAS orbit. Gas emmissions relate to deuterium fuel use. "Ice Cold beginnings" absolute zero, key in construction. And deployment. Hypothesis: any advanced intelligence may employ FTL data transfer, use superposition partical array to transmit data from 1 point to another, Real Time Data transfer, the can't assure two particals in superposition can't remain so, long enough for complete transfer, this is plausible if not a calculated certaintity. Resultant theory:3A/Atlas was a probe...Rob Campbell.
5. Me watching this in 2026: 😱☠️
6. ... Ima tu malo više od jedne obične Komete.. Jelda?
7. NASA = Not Acknowledging Space Anomalies... Come on NASA, up your game!
8. The offical NASA coverage of all this has never outed them more as a fake agency probably just a hollywood studio. Why are kids in their gardens getting better pictures of this thing than NASA? That little grey blob you posted was hilariously dumb. Then again we all know the guy who started NASA was a freakin Naz....ii  This entire thing lost NASA soooo much credibility. I cant take anything they post seriously again.
9. aider moi je veux partir avec atlas 3i ♥️♥️♥️😇
10. Sois los mejores actores, de la divulgación, pareidolilicas, nadie os creen,(( no os duelen las críticas?
11. 67
12. Not real
13. Still waiting for your HIGH RES images NASA!  The public and the scientific community are watching!
14. This is so fake smfh space not real ...  these are not even real images
15. This a waste of time. Since day one they should of come up with something to land on it. If this is so important than why just let it pass by.
16. Why dont they land a satellite on it or something to transmit signals back to us.
17. We will see fight between between humans and aliens crazyyyy😅
18. It's my family 👽
19. Thanks NASA
20. 🎉🎉🤝👏👏👏👏
21. Its a UFO plain&simple  ,when will they admit it,67 years later if applicable😮
22. An absolute joke Nasa and global leaders are. The most exciting thing to enter our Solar System, and "government shutdown" keeps them from updating their website and giving us information, despite a sizeable majority of the federal workforce STILL coming to work.
23. yeh Comet... wink wink 😂
24. Why has all the nasa stuff gone silent this last month?
25. How about the real images?
26. 3I/ATLAS (3I-SE/ATLAS should be its new designation) is not a comet, it's Supernova Ejecta and that's why it's so low in Iron and high in Nickel!  This video explains it in more detail but it is natural or organic in nature, not manufactured or synthetic!  https://youtu.be/4HmZOvqbuB8?si=4QGHt7tRuifLXhgA
27. Where the new pics?
28. no nevember updates ???????
29. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
30. Not true December 2003 Ommoamoa  Nearly Hit  Earth I know this because I watched it  until it got dark  People know this because I talked about it for 14 years  BEFORE BEFORE NASA Ever came out  NASA  why didn't you tell the people of Earth that  Ommoamoa was coming  because  airplanes fly higher than Ommoamoa was
31. NASA, Where’s What’s Up For November?
32. since we are technically moving through the universe its only a matter of time before interstellar objects breach our orbit. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
33. Where is HIRISE images from october 3rd? #update3iatlasnow
34. WAKE UP NASA IS HIDING SOMETHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT
35. Жнецы прилетели, это не комета! В пророчестве написано, станет корабль над морем Евфрат и выйдут от туда нечисти запечатанные Богом
36. Stopping playing with us guys
37. Where is 3rd Oct high quality images ?
38. why is there no update ?
39. #update3iatlasnow
40. amazing, no quality pictures
41. NASA’s silence right now is deafening. A third interstellar object is cutting through our solar system, and the global planetary defense network has been activated — yet not a single public update. We deserve transparency from the agency funded by the people. Ignoring the public during a cosmic event of this scale is not caution — it’s negligence.
42. Let's face it. Aliens don't build  ships that look like turds...
43. They would just love Trump. Hopefully they won't shoot a missile at it...
44. Первое вторжение пришельцев, немного волнуюсь|The first alien invasion in my life, I'm a little worried.
45. NASA = LIES
46. Any chance of us seeing the October 3rd pictures you promised us. ?
47. https://youtu.be/gsVyNf9f7WY?si=4JrM2iN5_N63hUTu    Dont worry we got you
48. Why’s this lady so thrilled …  if that thing hits the earth , we’re  doomed …
49. She sounds too happy ... As if her husband is coming....
50. sorry folks she's laid off... more to come.  Just remember "It's just a comet"
51. A fleet of space craft🤣😂🤣 you don’t have a fleet
52. As we are doing now, they have already destroyed their own planet and are looking for a new similar environment to Call home. It could be any one of our planets since it has come from apparently a solar system with a sun similar to ours and planets that could sustain some kind of life. Freaky.
53. What is the Hubble Telescope doing? why you searching from earth telescope
54. If it did pose a threat.... I doubt they would even tell us
55. Would they even tell us the truth?
56. A fun song about 3I/ATLAS at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hWfeMYVefg
57. 3 weeks now why no update ?
58. Why are they hiding information?
59. SHOW US THE PICTURES
60. And nothing to see ,now .
61. Nasa second biggest hoax after the Bible Number 3 Israel ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXkt9XZ6jsA )
62. I've always said, and I've said it in other comments, that if defenses are necessary in space, you need a station armed with atomic missiles for a rapid response. Launching an atomic missile from Earth toward a celestial body is absolutely impossible, and that's why it's crucial to have a defense system ready to go into action, even in space. There needs to be an agency that involves all countries on Earth to ensure security for these types of extraordinary events. We need to begin super-vigilant observation now for the defense of our planet. Unfortunately, there may not be time for emergency countermeasures; you are very negligent beings. It's no wonder that on September 11, 2001, the country that claims to be safer with advanced technologies was attacked by Al-Qaeda. I have to say, Anunnaks exist here on Earth 🌎, they live beneath the oceans, and they are ashamed of the beings who were created to colonize this planet. Because all we see is greed, selfishness, negligence, hypocrisy, in short, the created being should not even have been given the name (human). I am ashamed of the race they call human.
63. Still waiting on 3iatlas btw ..no danger to earth lol
64. There could be an alien city fly right by us but somehow NASA would not be able to capture it clearly.
65. İs peaple killing
66. This is 31 atlas
67. How can you say it has no threats to earth when it has unpredictable behavior that has already changed its course several times? Who’s paying you to say this?
68. Bonjour a toutes et tous les Guerre qui sévit présentement dans le monde c'est comme des mauvais filme de science fiction personne a peur de personne et personne se respecte donc il faut changer cela et faire la demande a des partenaire, plus puissant et plus respectueuse de la vie et voici la solution car il en a pas d'autre car il a plus de respect pour la vie sur notre planète ,    La lâcheté de la race humaine et voila ce qui risque de se produire nous somme tous responsable de ce qui se passe ,,Attention ce message est un S O S PLANÈTERRE il s'adresse à tous les vaisseaux spatiaux Extraterrestre sur terre et dans l'univers . Tous les Gouvernements de la Planète terre ont manqué à leur devoir Celle de nourrir , protéger , soigner , et éduquer leur semblable , C'est pour cette raison que c'est même personne encourage les Guerre , la privatisation de nourriture , les génocide , et l'extermination sélective ,et même le vole de leur terre et les bien qui leur appartienne . Et il y a des individus qui menacent les populations de les exterminer avec des armes nucléaires, C'EST POUR CETTE RAISON QUE NOUS LES HUMAINS DEMANDONS L'INTERVENTION DE TOUS ORGANISATION EXTRATERRESTRE , POUR NOUS AIDER À METTRE FIN À CE CONFLIT QUI DÉTRUIS LA VIE SUR LA PLANÈTE TERRE DEPUIS TOUJOUR MERCI AU NOM DE LA RACE HUMAINE .. C, G F,D,P,U,
69. It seems that most people ON Earth surface are not aware that the cabal/elites whose headquarters are UNDERGROUND DO NOT want people to know that extraterrestrial civilizations exist. They are the hidden controllers of the governments on the surface. So, the space agencies must also obey them.. Since 3I ATLAS is a sacred starship of the Galactic Federation, originating from the Lyra star system, the cradle of humanoid life in our galaxy, on a guided mission as a camouflaged comet and an emissary to our solar system, these agencies cannot admit or allow people to know that 3I ATLAS is an ET starship.  3I ATLAS is also served as a gentle and vailed message that humanity of Earth is not alone in the galaxy and universe.  Between October 3-7 when 3I Atlas was closest to Mars, it was supposed to remove its cloaking to reveal its true physical nature. That is why images of it cannot be revealed. One can deduce that no photo from that particular period will ever be published.  PS: For those interested in learning more about ETs, here are 3 YT channels:  1. Swaruu Oficial (1 f): it provides 1-way (no comments) info source directly from an ET person residing in a 1-mile long starship, currently orbiting around Earth.  2. Cosmic Agency: it provides ET contact info via keyboarding/texting between a starseed on Earth and a team of ETs from the Taygeta star system residing in a starship orbiting around Earth.  3. GLF Station: it provides channeled info and messages from various ET races residing in starships orbiting around Earth.
70. It seems that most people ON Earth surface are not aware that the cabal/elites whose headquarters are UNDERGROUND DO NOT want people to know that extraterrestrial civilizations exist. They are the hidden controllers of the governments on the surface. So, the space agencies must also obey them.. Since 3I ATLAS is a sacred starship of the Galactic Federation, originating from the Lyra star system, the cradle of humanoid life in our galaxy, on a guided mission as a camouflaged comet and an emissary to our solar system, these agencies cannot admit or allow people to know that 3I ATLAS is an ET starship.  3I ATLAS is also served as a gentle and vailed message that humanity of Earth is not alone in the galaxy and universe.  Between October 3-7 when 3I Atlas was closest to Mars, it was supposed to remove its cloaking to reveal its true physical nature. That is why images of it cannot be revealed. One can deduce that no photo from that particular period will ever be published.  PS: For those interested in learning more about ETs, here are 3 YT channels:  1. Swaruu Oficial (1 f): it provides 1-way (no comments) info source directly from an ET person residing in a 1-mile long starship, currently orbiting around Earth.  2. Cosmic Agency: it provides ET contact info via keyboarding/texting between a starseed on Earth and a team of ETs from the Taygeta star system residing in a starship orbiting around Earth.  3. GLF Station: it provides channeled info and messages from various ET races residing in starships orbiting around Earth.
71. This is the end.
72. Maybe it is something else
73. Shoot it down
74. so, 3 weeks later and nothing new?
75. Nasa's full of sht
76. That "tail" off the front end tells me that the pressure from behind, is greater than the pressure from the Sun. Dark matter?  This also tells me that there is a substance, mineral, or metal, not found on Earth, that reacts to, and, or resists dark matter. And its resistance to dark matter can increase as needed.
77. Astronomer must know the astrology
78. Predictive science is exactly right it is said responsibility  for many years people have been prophesied  improve people to free prediction  as astroger must know the astrology  then can any problem logicaly
79. Inevitably  life will arise with the time of Mars
80. In any Soler system  when the planet near and far from the🌞 turned on other planets  After various  changes occur A life can arise ihave been looking at the sky since i was ten years old there is no astronomy in our country  not has a subject even today but according to my research  it cannot be accepted  that life exits only on earth in other soler system to there are planets like the earth
81. Built argument  to understand space
82. The creatures on earth can also decive each other
83. In the Buddha's philosophy  we have heard  of the destruction of the 🌎 various things happen  at the beginning  of the in the event of 🌎 catastrophes
84. Asian on the smartest  thinkers in the 🌎  it has a scientific basic  want to get a proper  answer to that Nasa institution  highly talented thinkers people  from countries like china India srilanka Indonesia  iran israel should participate in this in addition Ukraine and Russia can definitely  get an answer
85. Frozen Hydrogen mixture with other matter getting to close to the sun radiation warming it up, explains it all that's on with 3iatlas.
86. Is It Gonna Hit Earth In December!?
87. There can't be worse races for their own than we are.
88. You guys need to understand a comet from another solar system may have formed in much different conditions. Thats why its not like any comet we have seen in our own Solar System.  Every solar system is unique in its own way.
89. If the "comet" has a tail extending in front of it as it nears the sun, maybe the pressure from behind is greater than the pressure the from the sun. Dark matter?
90. To look logically  for 21 century  astronomers knowledge  of various  subject is required
91. Astrology  increase our thinking knowledge  the place and time of birth are taken by the astrology  that mean geography place and time
92. The understand  the 🌎 intelligently All astronomer  astrology knowledge  required example  Ptolemy is a astrologer Johan's Kepler is a astrologer
93. Bummer. I was looking forward to a "reset" and letting the non-human animals repopulate the earth.
94. The movie don't look up is playing out in real time ❤❤❤
95. I directed a ten year old child to predict the rain he predict exactly  there is a science  called prophecy
96. The following subjects are important  to the astronomer in data analysis Geography  astrology ( kepler) sociology
97. Nasa has knowledge  to find all this can overcome  this challenge  by working together
98. Many thanks to Nasa🙏🚀🙏☄️🙏♥️🙏🌎🙏💚🙏👋🙏🕊️🙏🌞🙏🌓 for showing  the way to predict  natural disasters  the data collected  by Nasa internet is very important  Thanks again Nasa🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
99. In looking at the creation of yhe earth it is 100 possible that there is life on another  planet
100. There are plenty of comet
101. Maybe it's something that a group on earth is doing
102. However in looking at the creation  of the soler system  including 🌞 it cannot be accepted  that there are living beings only on earth there maybe living things somewherel else
103. Several groups  investigated this on various point across various subject  one  decision is required
104. Maybe comet☄️
105. Maybe an  alien from a different  solar system
106. If we can understand many things that the past astronomers said about space we can conquer  space for that we need the knowledge and experience  of the whole 🌎
107. Study space the main subject  of the 🌎 should be studied thoroughly  the main subject of the 🌎  is the geography  the 🌎 runs in mathematical  framework according to geography concept  that mean that everything in the 🌎 happens on the basic on time and place
108. God created the 🌎 with a clear purpose  it is understandable  by constructing a correct argument  Johan's Kepler 🙏
109. 3I ATLAS before understanding  Johan's Kepler theory  Johan's Kepler theory  is well suited  for the 21 century
110. seguimos esperando el pronto lo sabremos ..
111. Ok it's just a !!!Comet !!!! and no threat to earth so where are the pictures that you took and why no updates from you on here and why are you so silent about it for over two weeks now ?  So it's not a comet is it. ? So show the pictures and for once tell us the truth
112. "Its a comet" LOOOL
113. It is not a comet
114. Anyone doing this this is pretty amazing building a society 😊
115. When, where and how, would be helpful
116. Why no mention of 3 I atlas for two weeks and why no pictures released.  ?
117. https://youtu.be/g0dcuXxHRaA?si=rY497jugM_DMSCWP
118. End day of the Corrupted demonic   sith, The very Actors, Media, Media News Singers, Medical you trusted turned against the world Public   (They who lead into Captivity ) Viral across the World live Trials against Humanity begin. 😢 How didapointing
119. In Australia i noticed all these heavy compressed oxidised small iron spheres on the ground everywhere accumulated  on the surface from erosion over long periods of time are infact remainders of past iron meteorites either from direct impact debris or from them exploding in the upper atmosphere or from collisions in space, YES ITS ME AGAIN NASA YOU'RE SUPER DUPER GENIUS IN AUSTRALIA, i picked up a hand full of these that are very heavy for their size , very easy to smelt into iron, much easier than doing it with iron ore, but you can't mine it for commercial reasons, but think colonial Australians once used them for making tools ,, where i live was once under the ocean 56 million years ago,  like most of eastern Australia, yeah meteorites are everywhere here, at first thought is it slag but no they're shaped like melted meteors falling through the atmosphere,,its the only explanation because have white silt and other clays and sands, no volcanic metamorphic or ignis, only sedimentary sandstone, is like finding iron rocks in Antarctica on the snow or ice or in the Sahara desert on the surface
120. Why did your mars camera mysteriously “go down”? Love to hear your excuses for this one…
121. The presenter literally looks like a character a old Disney movie like a friendly mouse or something. 👸🐭
122. And then?…. NO AND THEN!!!
123. Using artificial inteligence it's very easy mind people manipulation.
124. They invent oumuamua, now is 3IAtlas.
125. NASA it is'nt trustfull there are very lies and desinformation about, although i believe in any contact and danger to Earth planet.
126. Now there are no more updates
127. The New Jersey "drones"... 👽 3IAtlas is of the same type. Note that it even has other small objects following it; some have called them probes or orbs. 3IAtlas is an orb accompanied by its probes or smaller orbs. They are the little windows of flying saucers; a kind of symbiosis. Around the same time as the drones, orbs appeared in the capital, and their probes were displayed as if on standby. You can find videos depicting these "comets" passing by and returning to them, just like in 3IATLAS, their orbs. It appears to be a pattern like the sun surrounded by planets. In other words, these orbs were always recorded as comets until one of them decided to stop to refuel on the sun, and everyone went into a panic. Battle of Nuremberg, 1561, several "orbs" rubbing against each other.  It could just be the probes that disagreed over control of the human farm, or perhaps even a "mother orb" was involved... So much so that when something larger, like a comet, appeared in the sky, the friction ceased. Book of the prophet Ezekiel 🫵👼🏻👍
128. Why are all the high resolutions being denied us by NASA?
129. This young lady may be a serious scientist, well informed and qualified.  But she is being extremely patronising.  We're not ALL idiots who need to be ''stroked''.  Not a good look.
130. Release the photos
131. like how hard is it to upload something every day?
132. You guys need to do better informing the public about 3I daily to offset the fake news about it every day
133. Please update 3I atlas news and pictures recently. As an authority, please do not lose your trust in the public
134. НАСА никогда правду не скажет!☹️😡
135. Give us Oct 3rd's from Mars Oribiter!!!!! Give us Webb images!!! Stop the (Data) Government Shutdown from NASA!! & NASA, Don’t fake or photoshop this set of images!
136. Never trust NASA!
137. But really though.....👽
138. 1:58 video for Atlas that says nothing.  Cigar shape object more than 12km lenght with Perseverance eyes. Now we know it is not a comet will you make an anouncement or you will wait them to land om Earth? NeverAdmitSeenAnything.
139. NO!  This' from ORION GROUP!  THIS' AN ANUNNAKI VESSEL
140. This is not a comet.
141. Is JPL closed because of government shutdown?
142. its the 6th and they observed it on the 3rd - I wonder how long we have to wait!
143. Show us the new images. 😎
144. Its a comet but behaves differently
145. Interested in seeing what Lucy catches!!!
146. 3I/ATLAS--The Face.
147. If it's speed and trajectory change in a way not possible for an unthinking object then it should not be considered just a space rock.
148. The Toronto Maple Leafs will win the Stanley Cup when aliens walk this planet. Wait, what now?😐
149. So when are we getting images of it?
150. Great, I taught astronomy basic telescope functionality. Also I took the advanced class on telescope operations.  Nice to have a look.
151. NASA IS A LIAR!!!!!!!
152. Where is your so called fleet?
153. So The Wow signal came from this all those years ago. What else has been explained so far? When do we see the latest data on it? Has the government shut down by cheeto in charge affected sensor data about it?
154. If it's a comet why no tail?
155. You are a disgrace !! where are the pictures of 3i/ Atlas, You are not worth the money that the American people pay for !
156. Space nets to catch and harvest asteroids.
157. OK...OK...It is Oct 3rd 2025. Where are the updates? Is NASA really going to keep the world waiting? This is a once in a lifetime event. I go to the main NASA website only to find it shutdown by the government. What is this ??? More cover up BS ? - GIVE US AN UPDATE PLEASE AND IMAGES FROM THE MRO. -  (When you HIDE information the public doesn't trust you. )
158. Not a commet B
159. 1:00 More than three days have passed since and the claimed/promised observation is never mentioned on any feed. Apparently we won't have images of 3I/Atlas from the SINGLE cam that was able to solve its main unknown (size), i.e. HIRISE on MRO. All other instruments are completely useless for that, ESA's CaSSIS or HRSC are an order of magnitude lower resolution and the others are even worst. Strange enough Perseverance IS still updated but MRO was "abandoned" due to the "government shutdown", so it seems it did not make that maneuver to snap a few pics of I3/Atlas. This "strike" during a unique occasion in our lifetime left me deeply disappointed! Scientists in the past often worked unpaid between contracts, for scientific interest. That spirit seems not to exist anymore. Filling us with further "Borisovs" and saying they are equally interesting (…) would make me feel that somebody wanted to block a possible confirmation of an "exotic" hypothesis. No one will ever be able to demonstrate I3/Atlas was big or small so any "exotic" will look exaggerated. If this is the case, I won't follow NASA's news anymore!
160. So NASA knew weeks ago about the government shutdown and yet this women says NASA will take pictures anyway. ? So where are the pictures then ?  So there's some serious B / S once again from NASA first she's confident NASA will get pictures and now NASA are blaming the government shutdown say we won't get pictures but of course there are lots of pictures but it will take NASA time to doctor the images and it makes you wonder if aliens are in control of NASA ?
161. Ok where are the pictures  ?
162. WHERE ARE THE PHOTOS GD!
163. I think if it's a spacecraft NASA won't release the real images.
164. What chance 3IAtlas the hit /collide Mars and Jupiter?
165. Are we sending a probe to at least get closer imaging?? Can we call it "Mission: Rendezvous with Rama"?
166. So with the government shut down  does that mean we wont get to see those pictures
167. comet filled with gummy bears
168. Did the comet tell them it is no threat to earth, that's exactly what someone who has no real understanding of a situation would tell you. The truth would be, we have no real idea about this thing and it could possibly be a threat to earth. Never trust anything NASA says, or the government.
169. Love you all wendy❤❤❤
170. Got live?😂
171. So where are the photos. it's already the 2nd.  How hard is it to post a photo
172. That's it? Wtf are you all paid for?
173. She'll be safe in the bunker
174. Nasa has a fleet?
175. Where are all the pics? Why is it just amateurs?  Old news...
176. "It's a comet" ?? Sorry, I don't buy that...
177. Why you guys not updating the site? Due to fund issues you are going to loose the opportunity to study about it??
178. What if dark matter is nothing more than universe gravity and physics working in space!
179. "Comet" is kind of a flex isnt it?
180. Has anyone at NASA looked at 3i/ATLAS in terms of energy =mass x acceleration. Looks like we have an opportunity to discover lots of different kinds of energy being produced by mass x acceleration. Not a scientist, but we have gift as far experiments go!
181. Should be a really nice photo coming up soon.  Cannot wait to see it.
182. Is this presenter AI?
183. Look at the bright side: if it’s an alien ship and they invade us, then they would end up being the traitors of humanity. And in future generations — if we survive — they’ll be considered traitors and hated worldwide by humanity.
184. 26 seconds, the face :)
185. The amount of idiots on YouTube taking advantage of people's ignorance and fears about this comet is nauseating. It is refreshing to be able to go to the authoritative sources, such as NASA, to at least get the skepticism of scientific thought and to get the eventual truth of scientific observation and conclusions, rather than a talking head that lies and exaggerates facts. Thanks, NASA!
186. All bbc astronomy features are for schools and must be accompanied by maximum enthusiasm.
187. 😮It's Pb Lead mix gathering more material as it's flying and now it's changing its shape as it entered solar system radiation oven and its nuclear fusion and fission on now changing  its shape concaved.
188. Will it have shoc k waves
189. Even IF aliens people. If you make contact. Point them to a scientist.
190. The fact this object is way under reported is suspicious 🤷🏻‍♂️
191. Comet or object? Very curious about this sun facing tail situation 😍 how very plasmic of this object! Do you guys have plasma physicists on board to help dissect and discern the info coming in? So exciting!! ❤thanks guys!
192. The second interstellar object in short succession i wonder if they are part of some thing bigger to come in the next few years.
193. uy! el topo giggio trabaja ahora en la nasa!
194. KAL EL is coming
195. All 3i/ATLAS, AI generated videos and most of the human generated videos keep referring to 3i/ATLAS as an 'Interstellar' object. It seems to have been established that 3i/ATLAS is travelling at a speed of around 60 kms/second. At this speed it would take would take roughly about 41 billion years to reach the Milky Way from Andromeda, the nearest galaxy to our solar system. This is around is around 3 times the age of the Universe, which is absurd. This means that 3i/ATLAS must have originated from somewhere within our own galaxy, making is an 'Intergalactic' object. The chances of Anything Interstellar, made of matter, ever coming our way during the existence of our species is completely impossible.
196. On 3 october it will Pass By Mars . I hope We Get Close Image From Magalyan 🛰️ and Other Satellites.
197. Hope that object comes next time also many new things we will see next time  .what if it's Mapping our solar system 🗺️🗾.  If you know about Asteroid mining you just Have HOLLOW FROM INSIDE LITTLE BIT THEN PUT YOUR SCIENTIFIC DEVICES. AND GADGETS  INSIDE the Object. You can Use Neuclear device to power or to Propel THE CRAFT. ACTUALLY I YOU PUT SCIENTIFIC DEVICES INSIDE THE ASTEROID OR COMET ☄️. IT KEEP SAFE YOUR Devices from Radiation, artificial threats, devices safe from Small 🪨 floating in Space, it's best way to Spy on Another civilisation.
198. Does not pose any threat to earth ..... yet
199. Oh its not a fleet of spacecrafts it a few telescopes.
200. So if it's slowing down there's either a I visible bungee chord attached starting to take up slack or the ETs on board have worked out we can see them  and are slowing down to take caution being they can see us killing each other all over the planet and  not too sure how to approach as this may be new to them. They may be waiting for back up to catch up before entering final approach because they weren't expected a bunch of deranged psychotic humans to face up with. They may be coming in peace but weren't expecting to come to a non peaceful world that's landsliding backwards in its own societies???? Who knows all I know it let's keep watching and it is what it is??
201. It’s Not a comet
202. 3rd object ever? How do we know?
203. Heavenly father forgive me for my my sins 😢lord i have only limited time to bring more to you. Lord jesus i am mocked in my own home except my two sons we are just getting past descendants and they are still you to just know adam was made from clay but forgot that it was your breath to breath man. My son asked if man has one less rib than woman then does that mean dogs that are male the same? I have many more teaching to go but like in the bible faith the size of a mustard seed can give you more than you could ever imagine. God is true and he is definitely coming
204. It’s a comet?!!!! Unlike ANY other space object EVER! Buts it’s just a comet……..nasa is a JOKE!
205. News flash! Its not a comet!!
206. Finally a plausible report in the middle of so much non sense
207. These are the same folks that brought you Oumuamua. That was a probe, this is their ship.
208. Your video shows the tail of the comet pointing away from the sun - but reports indicate that the tail is pointing towards the sun.  Can this be corrected on future videos?  Unless the other reports are incorrect!
209. https://youtube.com/@atlasdiary-3i?si=l3oUIb7KSO2YO04x
210. "This comet does not pose any threat to Earth".  Yeah the comet doesn't, but the 3 divisions of Galactic Marines on board does. Here's to being crushed under the tentacles of intergalactic empire!
211. Clickbait
212. This is the most exciting thing to pass through our solar system, and not one news report on tv about it. Keep up the great work NASA
213. Nice cartoons, NASA. Compliments😅😂
214. I am so glad to see this. The click bait and nut jobs have come out of the wood work on this one. Once it passes and is nothing but a comet NOT ONE will admit they should have done less drugs in collage and not spent so many nights eating Tide Pods on a dare.
215. Cannot wait until this rock leaves our system so these Alien idiots shut up.
216. Thought NASA said their probes didn't have enough fuel to observe atlas.... 🤔
217. We can send wow signal like signal to 3i atlas
218. So- we can be guaranteed actual, real pictures of the comet, then. No AI, No photoshopping- just raw, untainted pics for us armchair tourists, right?
219. Why did she lie about it changing color? Nasa already has videos explaning the color change and now she's on here saying it's from different instruments. Please help me understand.
220. Thanks for the update -- however one correction -- I don't think we can with 100% certainty call it a 'comet'.
221. Is this for schools?
222. The comments include a lot of bizarre conspiracy theories and knee knocking astrophobia.  It is taking MONTHS to traverse our solar system, which is tiny when compared to interstellar voids. 3I/ATLAS is traveling at about 0.02% of c.  Not a practically high velocity for interstellar travel. Just to travel to here from the nearest star, at that speed, would take 21,000 years.
223. 🎩💙🍷🖖
224. this sounds like we are going to get some exciting images never seen before soon.
225. They already have made contact. That's why they're so smug.
226. this lame, tonedeaf presentation is what NASA thinks will satisfy the need for information on 3I Atlas?
227. ofcourse using nasa funded telescope will hide the truth what ever it is. how about jet2 holiday?😅😅😅😅
228. I hope this "Comet" hits your Lab...
229. the date seems to be  a message..  10,3,2025.... but im an overthinker only and really not too smart but                            put 1 and 3 together and you get genetics, add 0 on top and you get genetics but triple circle..  put 2 written like S and add 0 then another 2 and you get something like 2 hands on a heart shape and the circle is the earth.. the 5 though... hmmm well the pi  could be anything. oh i mean five, incorrect type. but what is pi?(an infinite set of numbers?).. so then the sign is infinity?  but then again. pi is supposed to be five but only includes a sudden change in letter ,  and half  of the words is missing. just like when you look at the top part of number 5, the top part(1/2) looks like an F, but if we change the rotation of number 5 turning it upside down. then rotate the half top part again(like the last number 2), the half top part now also looks like an incomplete letter P.. (why did i think its pi? tbh, i just said five as pi accidentally fr fr. but then again, just like 5. to change it to pi. you just need to change it a bit, then see 50% of the words only)
230. dont look up~
231. Better to send a vehicle to collect some probe from it and then we may get a lot of information about the things which are away from our known universe.
232. AWAKE..WE ARE NOT ALONE..WE NEVER BEEN ALONE..AWAKE❤🎉
233. The recent release presents an animation rather than new images or video footage, which is scientifically underwhelming. This choice raises questions about the decision making process behind prioritizing an animation over primary observational data. How can amateur astronomers with backyard telescopes consistently obtain superior real-time data compared to this output? Furthermore, the graphical quality appears rudimentary, resembling work produced with minimal effort using modern visualization tools, which undermines its scientific credibility and utility.
234. a week ago your own trackers were saying it would have reached mars by September 30th ??? why now the 3rd october ???
235. Was this video made for 3rd graders??
236. When the billionairs and world leaders head for the bunkers.. then you will know its a real threat.
237. Space ships in the heavens......???? Isn't heaven Jehovah's domain......????  Could it be Jesus returning to earth......???? Come to destroy all the EVIL in the world....???? WHY evil you ask.......???? Because man didn't obey their creator.... Evil is result of that act..... We are being shown what evil can do...... It'll eventually bring destruction down on ALL EVIL and NON_EVIL doers..... You want to live and NEVER die.....????  Then you'll have to OBEY our creator JEHOVAH....!!!! There is a resurrection coming, and then a judgment......!!!!   The great day of Jehovah is near......Zeph.1:14 NWT........ Are you ready for that day.....????
238. IT'S NOT A FN COMET STOP THE BS WE HAVE TELESCOPES TOO! 🤦
239. I’d be wary of the Cme plus a comet’s tail . After it passed through our solar system Godspeed sincerely team earth 🌎
240. Can't threaten the life of an alien royal and not expect the armada to show up.  Shame.
241. " this comet does not pose any threat to earth"   ,  that is your opinion and NOT FACTUAL,     you have failed to mention warning signs for example:  it has nickel alloy , it has changed colour , it is perfectly spinning and not tumbling,  it had 7 other comets arriving at the same time to the same place , it has enought co2 / chemicals to terraform a planet , it was hut with a ehc pulse and didnt get effected. All too coincidental and please do your own research
242. Poses no harm to the world? How can you be 100% positive that if it is an alien space craft their intentions are not hostile?
243. What a laugh😂
244. They are looking for their lost comrades in our solar system..  Last reported coordinates was from planet Earth..  OMG 😮
245. Pretty long on the emotion and short on the details NASA. Do better.
246. Employ me JPL/NASA, thanks for video
247. Our conversation here is complete, am going to a channel where Abi is… you’re making me sleepy.🥱
248. We want drama!! Alien probe with green dudes..bring it on 🤣, but seriously it is great that we can observe interstellar comet, so exciting
249. NASA should NOT label it as a comet without being able to validate that. It's irresponsible and presumptuous.  Once they get to a point that they KNOW it's a comet, they should explain how they have come to that conclusion.
250. Its path will change once it passes the sun.  Be Ready.
251. https://youtu.be/sNXDMaxB9zQ?si=tiDgoOJOfx523-6z
252. Even if it was a threat, they would never tell you!
253. I have a question. With the government now officially shut down what does that mean for the James Webb space telescope, or any other space telescope that NASA controls, for any observations it may have on the comet? And as a general question how does the government shut down work for current and ongoing active observation and projects for space?
254. Everyone has got to know once the observatories and space telescopes went silent because they picked up something they weren't ready to tell the public.....If they can zoom in on a distant galaxy and beyond Why do they keep showing us something from Atari 2600......If it's intelligent it will swing around the sun and. Sweep all of the Human Trash into there deep space Garbage bin.
255. kinda crazy how theres a government shutdown right when the comet is supposed to pass
256. Now it's a comet, nice cover-up Nasa Diddy
257. I predict that we will prove to ourselves beyond any doubt that these are aliens, and that they will pass us by without giving us a second glance.
258. NASA can not confirm what it is or isn’t
259. You’ve had since July to post something about this. This is the most vague you could have done. 1:15 , 1.2 million followers. DO BETTER! We need far more information
260. According to me it is a alien spaceship 👽
261. Why don't you tell everyone that you think there is a very good chance that it is going to impact in the northern Atlantic?
262. It’s bearded dragons from Zirkon coming to invade earth
263. Not a comet and its gotten embarrassing that the scientific community refuses to acknowledge that and call it what it is,even if we have to come up with a new name for it. Not a drone , not a comet.
264. We need legit news from NASA than AI generated videos from someone else pff
265. Where in the solar system is Carmen Sandiego😂
266. This is literally what you guys post? Holy smokes was that pointless
267. in my opinion, it is not a piece of rock and ice,not just  part of some old planet or moon somewhere in space, but it is a core of it. We estimated that it is few bilions years old and it lose about 10 tons of material per minute...do the math and imagine the size of it when its started its journey,,,
268. They will study you.
269. Next time another phenomenon like this happens, we should try to send a probe near it or if possible, even landing on it, to gather more infos
270. at 0:53, imagine if it just comes to a dead stop and wait for the earth to approach.
271. How do they know it weighs 33 billion tons? It's not like you can just stick it on some scales.
272. 3rd one. Something blew up and now a lot of rocks are coming.
273. 1. Does not have a tail. Any semblance of such is photographically exaggerated. 2. Nickel detected without iron, never happened before. 3. Carbon chain depleted. 4. Extreme negative polarization. 5. Hit by coronal mass ejection and didn’t even sputter. Never observed before.  It may be natural, but it’s not a comet. Not as they are currently understood at least.
274. If it’s aliens, at this point I’d consider it a hostage rescue
275. Lets not take 10 years to get images please
276. Finally.  Some actual official word on it.  There are some fairly insane “theories “ going around.
277. I hope Trump defunds NASA so I won't have to listen to people with more authority than brains any more. It's clearly NOT a comet. That doesn't mean it's a spaceship either. It's not like Democrats and Republicans. You're allowed a third choice.
278. Hey guys... Jack here. They're lying to you. What was the point of this post? She literally said what the title said, that's all. There's tons of things to talk about and this is the dribble we get.
279. I am not saying it's alien tech but just saying  it could be.  So I presume you think that us humans are the only species in the entire  solar system with millions of know planets then. ? The chances of that theory is ludicrous in the extreme   just in our  nearest galaxy there are at least 3 Goldilocks planets  so multiply that by millions of other planets out there and you will probably find tens if  thousands of even  more Goldilocks planets and your telling me that there's no other life forms  ?
280. More blurry out of focus images from NASA. Not surprised at all.
281. the big and only question to ask is: Will NASA (Never A Straight Answer) transmit live coverage of the comet as it passes by planet Mars, and release all relevant data pertaining to it interaction with planet Mars - or will NASA hide all the data from the public, and continue only to show nice little cheap animation renditions of their prediction of the event ? ....
282. Can't wait for October 3rd   but will NASA show us what's been caught on camera on that day ?   and if they don't it's definitely alien  tech and if it is we will all be hoping it shows up after passing the sun but then again it could be destroyed by the sun's heat or if it does not show up could that mean it's changed course and heading to earth. ?  This really  is mind boggling
283. Their face when they reach Mars for its billion-year checkup and find the life they started there moved to the next planet over
284. I can't wait till we rid of this terrible administration and get NASA the Pinnacle of space exploration the funding they deserve and need❤❤❤
285. First (Modern Age) Contact. To save us from ourselves. We are closer than ever to destroying everyone, not by any conventional weapon, but by the power of atom. I do hope all these are wrong.
286. Ok can you say why it's tail is pointing the wrong way and what is the bright light in front of it and why very little water and no iron detected  ? Please answer these questions thank you
287. This is a super badly managed and disappointing channel
288. It’s a comet because … why?
289. wake me up when it does course corrections when it is behind the sun relative to Earth.
290. A comet that got bigger and changed colors in the past couple days...
291. WHAT, it's not a SPACESHIP ?!?! CNN LIED TO ME
292. "Buuut" (0:30) 😂 I can't stop replaying that!
293. Please crash into the USA so we can reset the country!
294. Cool!! 😍👍🏻  Has Avi Loeb yelled _"it's an Alien!!"_ already? 😉
295. What a way to say absolutely nothing. I don't even know why they wasted their time putting this out. We know more about this thing right now than this lady. The patronizing here is disgusting. What about all the carbon dioxide with no or virtually no water. What about the nickel with no iron. What about the fact that it's showing non- gravitational acceleration. NASA typically stands for never a straight answer.
296. Thanks for the non-answer, damage control message. I feel dumber after watching this.
297. A delightful presenter!
298. Too little too late. Why don't you show us the direct data from James webb. Because it's a lot closer now so the images should be more clear and more defined. So rather than beating around the bush, show us the Raw data!
299. Okay , and when you do discover what 3I Atlas is please disclose that to the human race ?
300. Hit the word "comet" hard
301. 🥰
302. It is an alien spaceship according to elon.
303. Greetings and Salutations from Temple, Texas, USA!
