1. Not only do all of these things, but film it from multiple angles as well. Amazing!
2. Very cool
3. April 10, 2026: Artemis II landed this evening and I could not not come back and watch this video. Here is to hoping we make it to Mars while I am still alive. Congrats to NASA, for delivering the space to humanity even through the most politically fraught times.
4. Engineering marvel
5. I'm sure i've commented before; but I love this video so much.  Perfect visual drama. Perfect narration. Perfect sound track.  I stayed up after work and watched the actual landing...  ...waiting, waiting, waiting...  ...when someone at JPL calmly stated the had the signal, and the cheers erupted, even I felt a rush.  I so love this vid.  Full screen and turn up the volume to watch it every time.  Even thirteen years later!
6. Why Returning From Mars ls Impossible - Feynman's Warning   https://youtu.be/0BqLcGEbIHQ?si=aXlTIP5u4bQHVIsv
7. Since then we have become incredibly ant-science! 😢 Lord help us!
8. SEND ROBOTS TO MAKE MARS CIVILIATION
9. Leider zu viele Pixelfehler und mittlerweile software die das billige fake video sofort zerlegen würden,  was eine Kürzung  um 2 min. erforderlich machte ,+ der dramatiesierende Geschichtenerzähler der sofort durch seine massive Unkenntnis der Materie  auffällt 😂😂😂?
10. Just me who came here because of my  ELA class😅?
11. DARE MIGHTY THINGS
12. 13 tears later
13. yea SCIENCE
14. What always gets me is the 14-minute communication delay. Knowing the whole sequence was over—success or failure—before they even got the first signal that it had started is the ultimate definition of high-stakes, autonomous design. A true masterclass in robotics and mission control.
15. I used this when I was Astronomy merit badge counselor at Scout Camp. It always held the Scouts attention completely.
16. Me watching this 2025 who is watching this in 2025????😊
17. This video still brings tears to my eyes... seeing the obstacles, the challenges, the solutions, and execution... the human desire to strive to explore, overcoming ridiculous challenges...   same with Cassini plunging into the planet... that narration the guy does, is wonderful.  This video is wonderfully made... watching this in 2025... and it still touches me inside.
18. As an engineer, this is on such a high level that it still almost brings tears forward, like when a singer overwhelms you with their voice. Truly one of the greatest masterpieces of engineering in history and incredibly inspiring.
19. This video was released the second year I taught physics and it has never failed to captivate an audience.
20. Aliens 👽 are out there in the universe
21. It was a really inspiring video way back then, and it still is.
22. 12 years now, we are learning this in HMH.
23. I listen to this on loop ❤
24. The video would have been far better without the music.
25. 五
26. Who’s here in 2025 😂
27. Draft: 一个不可以
28. GOSTEI ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼 ❤️ 👍🏼
29. Cool
30. And then that's exactly how it happened.
31. stop talking bro It's not even  scary
32. I loved this video but my 🤢 teacher maked it a assignment  so now i hate it thanks ms.🤢
33. This still goes unimaginably hard
34. My teacher showed us this video and now we r taking a lesson about it and the fact that it's older than me with like 3 years is depressing
35. Hello from 2024
36. School assignment
37. People who came here for school 👇
38. Thank you for sharing this nice video greetings from kapiso mo vlog family
39. Let’s go to Mars 👍
40. 😊😢😊😊😮
41. Amaz8ng
42. Freaking amazing that this worked perfectly twice in a row.   Very well done video. The producer, editor, musician, etc. did a fantastic job.
43. I was teaching Astronomy merit badge the next summer and put this video on the projector. When if finished the Scouts all jumped up and cheered.
44. I remember when I watch this at age of 6 , now I’m 17  and come back to this video again because my teacher told me to😢
45. 11 years later tomorrow! I'm still amazed.
46. Curiosity still going strong after TEN YEARS! Keep going Curiosity
47. Wow !!
48. is there a whole documentary about this?
49. I want to see a movie about the development and landing of this!
50. Amazing what  can be done ......if people think it's important enough!
51. 10 years later
52. Ten years later STILL AMAZING!
53. منت فاهم شيء بس قاعد تتابع ؟ مو انت لحالك 🙃
54. For All Mankind is using the title of this in its next episode :)
55. 0:38 when the siganl have so much latency you use automatique sequnce right? because no IA wich can land by its self and take decision based on data received to land it.
56. Are Mister Daniel and New Mars News getting their "Mars" clips from Nasa JPL site? Some of their videos show stone buildings and statues that resemble animals we are familiar with here on earth.
57. Be bold for righteous/Good  causes Might forces will come to your aid.
58. The video should be 7 minutes long.
59. ok
60. 8 years and still making history
61. It is the 21st century who still thinks we can leave the firmament lol
62. T minus NASA is the grand Deceiver because we live under a firmament.
63. Thank you, very cool
64. Pity, not to recover the skycrane... Then, and now, with Perseverance. Move away, yes, but would be feasible to quietly/softly land it somewhere; would it be useful to do perform some static experiments? E.g. help with earthquake monitoring by giving a second point of view, etc...
65. POV: Your astronomy teacher gave you this link.
66. schrodinger rover
67. Who’s here after Percy landed?
68. Watching now..😂😂
69. I can tell that this guy is lying
70. What happens to the rocket when helps rover to touch on surface of Mars?
71. MUZUNGU
72. Indians are always present in nasa! Feeling proud😃
73. i saw this in school it is awsome
74. DARE MIGHTY THINGS 4:52
75. It's a healthy comment section. All scientific people. No political nutcases, no religious nut jobs.
76. Finally we are in Mars
77. What technique did you used for releasing the ropes from lander once rover touch the surface of the Mars? Thank you...
78. Fascinating
79. What a beautiful thing NASA created 😍
80. 2021 someone here?
81. Watching 8yr later.. now it happens
82. Salute to nasa
83. ❤❤❤
84. 2021👍
85. And yes , we overcomed all of the terrors..
86. Watching this 8 years later; and it still insane and amazing 💖
87. EXCELLENT, amazing job-technology but very informative video too. THANK you all. CONGRATULATIONS!..
88. @1:23 where is parachute??
89. That was a really great depiction of the tension as well as the complexity of off-world deployments.  Very well done, all!  I was totally riveted.  And it still applies to Perseverance today!
90. Who's here after perseverance landing  on Mars. Feb 2021
91. Sky Crane once again worked like a master piece. Total abgefahren. Your video, by the way, truly is a work of art.
92. The Perseverance rover touched down yesterday and by Monday, we might get video and audio of the EDL captured by the rover!
93. Now explain to us how the last US election landed on earth with (as they say) no computer aid. Or was there some (tiny one) involved ? Bc it was like 2 months of terror for 75 millions of voters.
94. JPL I won't subscribe because of your Left cowardice. Grow some bowls and leave the dislikes visible.
95. SUCH A SHAME WHEN PEOPLE DISABLE LIKES/DISLIKES. WHAT ARE THEY SO AFRAID OF?
96. Who's here after Perseverance landed on Mars? Dare mighty things 💪
97. We are 2 for 2!
98. Who's here is 2021?
99. Watching after the perseverance rover touchdown.
100. GOOD VID!!! you did great job!
101. Genius
102. This is so very much by far the most awesome thing that has ever existed by a large margin. The absolute insanity of engineering that goes in to this is so ridiculous, there are no words.
103. Watching this one day after successful landing... And its still unbelievable to be done. And yes. And yes - they did IT :)  This is brearhtakeing. Out of this world enginering. Thank you!
104. AYYYYYYYYY THEY DID IT AGAIN 🤩🤩🤩
105. They did it again!
106. It's crazier the second time...
107. ROVER HAS LANDED SAFELY TODAY FEW HOURS AGO !!
108. Whos also here from NASA's Perseverance Livestream?
109. If Michael Madsen were a NASA engineer
110. Pretty crazy, indeed, but so was the first technology: air bags. And those worked just fine.  The only reason I think they were abandoned as a successful landing technology was one of control: if we could be more precise in our ability to control the final descent, why not go for it? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyktvC7w7Js
111. who's watching after the Perseverance landing?
112. Came here after Perseverance landed :) Incredible what problems our species can solve when equipped with reason and science. Forward.   For Beltalowda!
113. Hey from 2021, and the rover is landed
114. Nice work, again.
115. This will always be the best video explanation of landing a probe on Mars !
116. 2021 Feb,
117. who here watching it at the day of its arrival on mars
118. So, we doing this again tomorrow or what?
119. Watching now 🙏!
120. oke
121. I was kinda expecting to see the explosion of the sky crane in the distance after it flew away from the rover.
122. if we do manage to venture out and colonizes planets, i really hope there will be no conflict on who gets what planet
123. Big Hello, from @AstroGate ... days before live-streaming the Percy EDL with Arabic Commentary ... Good Luck NASA, Good Luck JPL!
124. Here we go again... Fingers crossed.
125. 2 days until Perseverance lands and this is still nuts to watch. Still can’t believe we did something like this years ago
126. Cool video. Could have done without the nowadays-obligatory-but-got-old-years-ago drama/urgency music in the background. "'Literally' seven minutes" ... as opposed to "'figuratively' seven minutes"??
127. I hate Adam Steltzner, he's a drama queen.
128. This only accomplishes more conflict later on.
129. its landing on thursday I caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaant wait
130. Now for perseverance
131. Only few days to go for perseverance wow
132. I was assinged this for school yer it was really good
133. I watched this 100 times and it still blows my mind
134. Ready for round 2?
135. Watching it just less than a week before Perseverance landing! I get motivation from this video
136. МОЛОДЦЫ 👍👍👍👏👏👏
137. Watching after 8 years. Amazing
138. 7 minutes horror seven wow
139. But your video is 5 minute
140. Your here from school and you know it
141. whos here from a school link
142. This so hard ! Did they suceed?
143. "Puts hand on shoulder"  Hey
144. Has NASA made a more awesome video than this?
145. i wonder how old everyone is now in the comment section
146. Wow
147. This never gets old.
148. And now, operating on the surface of MARS for 8 years.
149. ึ
150. 8 years waiting for perseverance to repeat this!
151. Good luck to perseverance
152. Good luck perseverance and ingenuity!
153. Science rules. Thankfully.
154. Rewatching this before Perseverance launch.
155. I thought it bounced when it landed ?
156. Hello
157. Watching the magic in 2020 for the Perseverance rover this time! Good luck JPL.
158. anyone in 2020?
159. Has NASA ever tried to make a rover  that is supposed to revive other rovers
160. It's going to be amazing to watch Perseverance pull off this whole maneuver again! No less incredible than when Curiosity managed it!  And then, if Perseverance's little helicopter (Ingenuity) works out, that'll add another beautiful level to it all
161. Wow they did not use jebediah to land on Duna I’m mean mars sorry
162. Amazing achievement. Congratulations USA.
163. Still the best science video out there, and I make science videos. Well done!
164. 💔💔💔💔💘
165. Finally a video that my STEM teacher gave that is actually really good
166. Mars is flat this is all fake
167. The women and men at JPL are my heroes. The work that they do and the dedication they have are very inspirational to me.
168. its 2019
169. When You are Getting Ur Exam Results
170. May I have your Crosiant
171. This is better then watching Keeping up with the Kardashians
172. and it worked
173. I wish to see on TV like moon landing.
174. Thumbs up if you came to this video after watching the Buzzfeed Proplay of Kerbal.
175. Amazing video
176. YOU ROCK NASA !!!! .. YOU DID IT TODAY!!!
177. Rewatching this after InSight landed just to confirm  yeah  they're still insane
178. Just watched INSIGHT landing on Everyday Astronaut's channel, and everything here up to the Skycrane Maneuver was dead on for INSIGHT.
179. FAKE,,,AINT NO ONE GOING TO MARS OR ANY PLACE...EARTH IS AN ENCLOSED SYSTEM...NO ONES GETS OUT OR IN....UNTIL THE HOUR OF OUR DEATH....nasa lies..
180. Watching this for a Science make up project because I was absent lol
181. A M A Z I N G
182. If it is "7 min of terror" why the video is 5 min long?
183. Tough.  Competent.  NASA.  o7
184. My god. How cool are you guys.
185. Man, I remember watching this land 6 years ago. Good job.
186. America, to me, is a confusing mix of amazing genius and utter stupidity.
187. I remember Curiosity's landing! Just amazement - the landing, seeing the first images, the tentative first drive  on Martian soil 😳😱👏 NASA and the brains of NASA -they deserve a millions paycheck!💯💖
188. A bit dramatic sounding, but engineering behing the landing looks incredible
189. what if its a variable pressure inside protected by another barrier by utilizing air compressors with tanks? or making multiple barriers....inbetween the barriers are the controlled atmospheres with a different HVAC system for each extreme temperature... so it distributes the heat in a controlled fashion then you could isolate the heatflow to allow for living temperatures in compartments
190. We have landed rovers many times, why is it this any different?
191. So gangster!
192. Oh my gosh this is soo cool we watched this in my school's stem lad  with my class!! it really must have been hard to may this you guys are purely like 100% smart!!!
193. Amazing video!!
194. That's the day is my birthday
195. This is amazing
196. 5 years later this curious little guy still going strong! Says volumes of the quality of engineering and technology you guys put into a rover (even with a tight budget, oh well not gonna open that can of worms). Hope I can work for you guys one day......
197. There are only 2 genders.
198. All of that worked? Autonomously? I already had huge respect for NASA's engineers, but wow. I don't really know what to say.
199. 5 years later, this video is still amazing, Thank you JPL for demonstrating humanity's ingenuity and drive to "Dare (and do) mighty things"
200. Watching this 5 years later, and it still seems insane. Amazing.
201. I'd love to know what the music is in the soundtrack of this.
202. Schrödinger's rover
203. cool
204. ...rock stars of technology! Simply amazing.
205. 7 minutes of terrorism on Mars.
206. New problems to solve and all the options to choose from?  This looks so fun and enjoyable.
207. Awsome
208. Wow i love nasa
209. I LOVE THIS STUFF!!!!!!
210. ESA failed to learn from this for Schiaparelli
211. Using the term "terror" does a disservice to humans who have gone into space.
212. what music is playing there? who knows?
213. I still can't believe all of that worked. Brilliant! But I am curious why they went with such an elaborate system. The bouncing inflatable ball cage seemed to work well for other Mars missions?
214. extreme engineering..... flattered
215. Respect.
216. Who else is here because of there tutor?
217. Is this a hoax?
218. Should have been a seven minute video...
219. We ARE aliens
220. So many cool ideas and great engineering! In military parachuting, an equipment jump involves releasing all the heavy stuff you're carrying on a tether so it hits first, relieving the parachute of some of the weight it's carrying and allowing the jumper to land more safely. I'll bet there's any number of former military jumpers on this team.
221. This is absolutely nuts, and its brilliant
222. this is so awesome.
223. Did Lockheed designed the spacecraft?
224. was clearing my old bookmarks and landed here.. Always fun to watch! :)
225. excellent
226. Duncan Owen sent me here. He and this are cool!!
227. so much awesomeness but is the rover really on mars or it is just another lie lol
228. The music made it so intense
229. Because it's something fishy about them, they do PR and not reasonable and sober communication, according to their positions.
230. prout prout prout
231. To describe this feat of engineering "impressive" doesn't quite cover it. Amazing! So glad we have these brilliant people working together on this achievement.
232. When parachute deploys then it's not 9g it's 19G what if human was in 19G.
233. I want to see what happens if skycrane slams back to the parachute.
234. Scientists looking like really cool TV stars.
235. Amazing... but only 2.3 million views. The stupid things in life have more. For instance a cat video. Pathetic.
236. total bs  for idiots
237. Though I really enjoyed this and found it fascinating, I really don't understand why they had to add the overly dramatic music in the background and the huge dramatic pauses, just do it like any normal documentary.
238. Still gives me chills to watch the complexity of this undertaking.
239. so why cant they land right now.. and do so back and forth.. on the Moon? if they have trillions to invade and kill innocent countries and people why cant you do it right now?
240. Quantum mechanics.. its both dead and alive, until the act of observation takes place, then you will determine an out come based on thought, Emotion, and Consciousness!
241. Why did they not use the same method of landing as the Viking lander 40 odd years ago?
242. Just like the U.N. NASA was created with the help of the Nazi's we brought over here after WW2. Most of the pictures and videos u see are bullshit and the ones that are real arenfull of cgi. For all we know they already have this shit on Mars. We don't know a damn thing
243. I'm still astounded they did this. Flawlessly. Unbelievable.
244. Almost three years to the day since this video went up, it has about 2.2 million views. Last week, a video showing two women in a trashy cat fight at some Walmart store was posted and it has more than 6 million views.  Sigh...
245. Just wanted to say: the landing was not only a fantastic technical achievement, but this video was a brilliant piece of public communication.
246. Still one of the most gripping NASA/JPL videos I've ever seen--visuals, music, engineer comments. Thanks.
247. Nothing but the utmost respect & admiration for the folks that pulled this off, bloody fucking amazing !!!!!   Inspiring work for future engineers & scientists !
248. They should have called this rover "Complexity" ;)
249. Crazy brilliant!  This video never gets old.
250. Perfect example of "Your Destiny isn't out there waiting for you, your Destiny is what you decide Now!"
251. It was an outrageous idea, and even more outrageously couragous to have been accepted as how it was to be done. It shows just how skilled and ingenious the engineers at NASA are, that they could conceive of something so daring, and yet pull it off.  Bloody good job!
252. What about translating downwards motion into angular movement with angled fins, then deploying many smaller parachutes one at a time, and then using small radial engines to slow down and finally landing with "crush zone" balloons?
253. Image just sitting on the surface of Mars, when all of a sudden, you see this whole event go down in front of you. This is truly amazing.
254. I just read the book by Curiositys Chief Engineer, fantastic. I never get sick of watching this , incredible stuff.
255. I had no idea of the complexity of landing the rover on Mars.  Truly amazing.
256. seven minutes of terror.. .in only five minutes seven seconds!!
257. Wow, just wow.
258. It's been over two years since this video was released and I still love watching it. I also love the music. Please, if anyone knows who the composer is, please post the info? Thank you!!
259. I never tire of this video. Seriously. While room-temperature-IQ folks might not appreciate this, I do. If schooling wasn't so boring-as-hell, I'd be an engineer. (I have the mind of one.) And if I wasn't currently working so damned many hours (which results in depleted energy, requiring sleep within reduced offtime hours, precluding available time for schooling of any kind), I'd take online classes. To all the EDL (and all the other) engineers, good job! And the video kicks butt. I even have the video saved on backups. If you don't like this video, check your pulse.
260. where is the movie??
261. This is so beautiful in so many ways...
262. This reminds me of when I get my kids off to school each day.
263. This shows how far technology has come since the moon landings , a remarkable effort !
264. Not many things send me into a "USA! USA!" chant, but this is one of them.
265. That music and all that camera shaking was unnecessary and cheesy.
266. Like if you're here cos of The Brain XD
267. I'll bet engineers in the 70's could have accomplished landing something on mars without 3 crazy systems (ultra high strength parachute, self driving rocket section and skycrane). I wonder how theyd do it without computers and advances in materials science though.
268. Well, I just came.
269. USA! USA! USA!
270. Amazing engineering! How do they know that the Mars' atmosphere is 100x less than the earth? They haven't sent a spacecraft to the Mars before.
271. wow...I am so happy to be part of the amalgamated team working on a cancer treatment also...many of the good jpl reaserchers will be jumping on the band wagon in this joint effort,,,,wow when jesus said...knock----he was correct.....love always rob..where do yu wanna go today,,,hehe?
272. Absolutely Amazing !
273. Goosebumps!!!  (And sooooo jealous.)  (Watched it three times... so far.)
274. Dream is collapsing. from inception OST. very appropriate
275. DARE MIGHTY THINGS indeed!     This kind of video draws me right into the narrative, and shows me - clearly - what the excitement is all about.  Loved it!   Very well done JPL team!
276. Wow. I had no idea how complex the landing actually was. I salute the engineers who designed all that.
277. Chills down my spine for five minutes straight. This is absolutely amazing.
278. Wait, they can do all that without the use of Jebediah??
279. Half the views are mine, pretty sure. #the1058
280. God, I love engineers.
281. better use of the Inception theme than Inception.
282. Don't forget to add the $2.5 billion dollar price tag to your consideration. :P
283. You should maybe considering rethinking that one. ;)
284. Humans=amazballz
285. Yes this is just computer generated , there is other videos with the full landing . Just like the moon landings it brings tears to my eyes . Humans are the aliens .  the skycrane was spectacular
286. That's not very nice... It was computer generated.
287. That's not very nice... It was computer generated.
288. Its interesting how that landing pod look just like a stereotype of a flying saucer.
289. Corrigindo:  Simplesmente fantástico! Já não sei se o feito em si ou a "divina" capacidade de o homem fazê-lo ...
290. Simplesmente fantástico! Já não sei se o feito em si ou a "divina" capacidade de o homem fazê-lo...
291. More than one year after its successful landing, the EDL sequence still looks insane!  To the many scientists and engineers at NASA who worked on this project, GREAT JOB!!
292. The video was done a year ago far before curiosity actually landed.
293. It's just so....BEAUTIFUL! I have no better word for it. I love technology.
294. "Wonders are many,but none more wondrous than man" SOPHOCLES.
295. If that would be the case, we would be on mars next year, and throughout our solar system within a decade, no problem.
296. hard to believe this was a year ago. Simply amazing.
297. German and Japanese aerospace has generally been suppressed because aerospace power is real power in the modern world.
298. what's the dramatic music for ? It already landed :D
299. if only all their military fund went this way space program will be more AWESOME
300. now, it's time for a bigger module
301. LOL
302. I must see the video of them testing the crane maneuver. So much American badassedness happening here it's overwhelming.
303. I've had a string of XJ6's. They all broke my heart. Dual tanks which never read right and leak, self oxidizing contacts, wheel bearings which turn to mush in 21k miles, inboard discs with calipers impossible to get to, the list is long and tortured. Lovely lines, and intimate interiors though. They're the blonds I know will hurt me, but I've pursued them just the same.
304. I honestly feel this is one of the defining engineering achievements of our species. It crushes me that America has the capacity to be so brilliant yet it allows itself to be governed to poorly.  I'm English-Australian btw
305. English cars... no?! Aston Martin. Jaguar. Rolls Royce. Bently. Lotus. Caterham. Morgan. Land Rover. MCLAREN..... NO!?! What the hell do YOU drive?!
306. That is a weird phenomenon, isn't it?  Merlin engines, yes. English cars, no. Dassault, yes. French cars, hell no. Grumman yes, American cars, generally no.  Fokker yes, Mercedes yes Mitsubishi yes, Honda yes.
307. oh wow thanks, appreciate it
308. They left out 2 minutes of the atmospheric descent time.  No biggie. To see a real time interactive simulation of Curiosity's EDL, visit: eyes.nasa.gov/
309. Right on, interesting!!
310. me
311. The engineers are GOD, would like to take shelter to their grace.
312. KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM
313. Cooler than anything Hollywood has ever come up with. And it's real!
314. Nuclear car... awesome but scary at the same time
315. 2:55 John Lennon?
316. fail.
317. If it's between this and killing people on the other side of the planet, send my cash to Mars.
318. Did you not watch the video ?
319. yeah I'm clearly majoring in the wrong field.   still a sophomore though, I should probably change from Economics to Physics ;)
320. i did
321. This is how I plan to make my entrances from now on.
322. Then please get the fuck out.
323. People should realize that this is how you achieve success, the so called impossible things, in any area of our lives. No matter how hard it may look, we just need to keep working on the solution, even if there are tons of problems waiting. That's how you conquer the world. That's Greatness.
324. DAMN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
325. This is the type of stuff I don't mind my tax dollars going to!
326. man I want the name to that bgm........
327. These guys are the real pros. They managed to land that thing with a 7 minute lag! :) Kudos to them.
328. Honestly... I would consider a new american car if it was made by NASA ... (consider) gracien69
329. Well obviously not you - thanks for expanding my horizons.  No, I didn't "intent" anything.  If you can add your knowledge to what you think the manned lander will face, please share it.
330. jdd
331. Nobody. You idiot.
332. A....mazing
333. Who filmed the landing?
334. Listen to yourself: "...they just happened to congregate in America because that is where the world's largest space agency is."  Ignorant, indeed.  Why do you think the largest space agency is in the US?  No one else can afford it, has the ambition and sophistication, or the political will AND freedom to support it.  The people involved might be international, but the effort and infrastructure that made it possible is distinctly American.
335. Well done dudes)
336. Ummm. American citizens do have to do with it because we pay taxes that funds nasa and allows them to do stuff like that.
337. Yeah, that explains why half of NASA scientists are Asian's or Asian American.
338. Humans at their best.
339. All of that said, Russia's space program is pretty solid.  The Soyuz capsule is like a VW van: unsophisticated and good thing too, all it needs to do is go up and come back.  It does that very reliably.  China's space program, though ambitious, moves only in fits and starts.  One of these days we might start shopping for rides from them...maybe.  Or we'll just book flights on Spacex.  Or Virgin.  Or whoever has managed to make it work privately.
340. I'm not certain that it could.  Russia's had serious difficulty sending anything bigger than a loaf of bread beyond the Moon; their economy is in the crapper even deeper than ours and they cannot afford to build something as sophisticated as this.  China may have sent something but hasn't, they spend a lot of their energy policing their citizens, regardless of what a fine feather in the cap it might be.  And nobody else could even begin to afford such a project.
341. Our taxes made this possible <3
342. Why attribute it to just America though? Surely this is an achievement of mankind as a collective, rather than just one country. Just because it did happen in the US, doesn't mean it couldn't have happened elsewhere.
343. 1) I said it's a cliche, 2) Primary contractors: 2 American, 1 Canadian (NORTH AMERICA, FUCK YEAH) 3) National flags represented on Curiosity: 1 (USA) 4) sponsoring and operating agency: NASA.  Not ESA, not Roscosmos.  I brag whereof my pride stands.  Nothing of my original statement was condescending, you just took it that way.  If my elation and patriotism offend, too bad.  Would you like to misinterpret anything else?  By all means, begin gnawing on the other foot.
344. Indeed.. the part that makes it sink in for me is, after seeing everything that had to go perfectly, thinking to myself "And it WORKED!" Amazing.
345. People from all around the world worked on MSL. Don't be so condescending. Replace the word "America" with the word "Science" and you've got yourself quite a true statement indeed.
346. I know it's a cliche, but: AMERICA, FUCK YEAH!
347. if there's a will, there's a way.. mars  was explored and that's amazing, credit to all people behind this exploration..
348. Wow
349. So awesome, incredible,amazing..
350. I have new respect for these crazy bastards xD. That's some impressive science right there.
351. let chuck norrie control it.
352. It's sick. Well-done! From 13 000 miles/hour to a beautiful touchdown on the Martian surface. That 7 minutes really determined the fate of of the rover!
353. Everyone who does good things in the world has contributed towards this. We should all be proud to take this step forward together. Beautiful .
354. This is incredible!
355. Questo video è disponibile con i sottotitoli in italiano sul seguente canale: youtube.fatespazio.it    This video is available with subtitles in Italian at the following web address: youtube.fatespazio.it
356. this is divine inspiration folks...pure engineering at its best!
357. one word: admirable.
358. Fake??? just like the moon landing was fake??? well did u know that in 1943 there was this thing invented called the radar :) which could surprisingly send signals to... the MOON!!!  and guess what russia had two, france had 1 and england had 1... do u honestly think that if it was fake none of these countries would have said anything??? i think russia would have jumped at the chance because they happend to be in the cold war with the us.. so shut up and stop saying its fake cause it f*cking not
359. You're either a troll or a moron. I work at JPL, and I assure you it's all real.
360. My dad made the antena ;D
361. Jealous.  The engineers are a product of our educational system, it's our tax dollars, we all share the same culture.
362. And here I was, starting to doubt that NASA was awesome.
363. On a similar but tongue-in-cheek note... did you see the United States land that wicked 900 at the X Games?! And wasn't it awesome when the United States hit that epic game-winning fadeaway jump shot in the Thunder vs Heat finals?!   If you want to start tracing the credit back, I'm sure everyone who ever lived had some indirect credit for the launch... but me, I'm content to just admire what this small group of people achieved.
364. I don't see why people are being so arrogant about Nasa being based in America? It was the Chinese which Invented fireworks, and it was the Germans who invented a rocket that went high enough the be named a 'Space' Rocket. I'm almost looking forward to it being planetary war rather that national war.
365. Google for a non-abstract and patriotic symbol that represents the nation (and its citizens) that made all of this possible.
366. nasa.gov/mission_pages/msl/multimedia/pia15882.html
367. So, in other words, don't cheer the larger tribe that made Curiosity possible with its educational system, taxes, R&D establishment and infrastructure, but instead cheer the little sub-tribe that designed and built Curiosity based on the assets of the larger tribe?
368. Would you agree with him if this was made done by japanese for example?
369. Hey, anyone could do the same with money, resources and intelligence, right?
370. Perhaps in some extreme perspectives but in this case science is a *very* collaborative endeavour with more international cooperation & sharing than any other so in this case, no, it is not appropriate to claim sole credit to one nation even if they do deserve the lion's share. I am almost certain the scientists involved would be the first to agree with me (knowing the scientific community and their mindset quite well - xenophobia and jingoism is not a prominent feature).
371. By your own logic what right do you have to claim credit as an American then? You did not participate in the mission did you? Oh, right you want to take credit because you just happen to be a part of the group of people that did this - Americans. This is exactly the same logic that permits everyone else to celebrate being part of the group - Humans.
372. I know about history my friend, but the history you refer to gives me pride. Pride that some humans are TRYING. America has some well educated people there and has a large income of tax to fund such projects, that's why it is currently succeeding. When i look at space, i will have the most respect to all those who try to reach for the unknown. I know very well that NASA's staff have the exact same mentality, otherwise they would not try.
373. Which is all rather trivial compared to the vast scale of the effort, which was 99% NASA. We include other nations in our program for diplomatic reasons, not because we are for some reason not capable of supplying out own instruments.   My challenge to Russia or Spain is to land their own 2000lb rover on Mars. NASA can even chip in a couple instruments.   Google "Phobos Grunt", and find out what happens when the Russians attempt a Mars mission.
374. Too bad the Russian Mars mission last year didn't even make it out of earth orbit, and crashed hilariously into the sea. The Russians must really hate Mars. They've been spectacularly failing at exploring it for decades.  That RD-180 engine (first stage only) is a damn fine piece of engineering, though.  Honestly, the nationalistic chest thumping for all sides here is idiotic.   Its as ignorant and childish as anti-Americanism.
375. Did you forget that the key scientist in question was Von Braun, and that he actually replicated the work of Robert Goddard to start his own liquid rocketry experiments? Von Braun himself lauded the inventions of Robert Goddard. The trouble here is ignorance of history, and anti-americanism. Any excuse at all to minimize or generally defecate on anything we accomplish is jumped at. When some other country matches this accomplishment, then we'll have a discussion about credit due.
376. Actually, every American that pays tax has something to do with NASA - they pay for it. Without American citizens, JPL and NASA would not exist and all other humans on this planet would not have Curiosity to enjoy.
377. And yet you're commenting on a video of an American space probe hosted by an American company on an American-commissioned & developed network (the internet) from a nation (Germany) that in many ways, owes it current state of existence to America for decades of protection (ever heard of East Germany?). Dozens of American military installations spread throughout your nation, and my historical knowledge is strong enough to know that your nation has nothing to brag about in that department.
378. And you are why Americans get a bad name... Russia provided the neutron spectrometer that measures the abundance & depth distribution of H- & OH-bearing materials (e.g; adsorbed water, hydrated minerals). As well as scientific manned support.  Spain provided the sensor of six atmospheric parameters: wind speed/direction, pressure, relative humidity, air temperature, ground temperature, & ultraviolet radiation. As well as manned support. +7 Countries involved in parts, funding & manned support.
379. Its sad that you're so ignorant of other countries.   You need to learn some multiculturalism.
380. That is an extremely stupid thing to say. This is an American mission. How does that apply to all humanity? If American does something others don't like, well, they suck! We want no part of that! But if they do something others like...then its a "victory for everyone".  Utter nonsense.
381. Don't judge a book by its cover mutha******! (check  the link fa real)  youtube.com/watch?v=GU6rHi6Qzcs
382. Great stuff!  Congrats to the team!
383. I geek about space
384. Anybody know the name of the song?
385. Everyone needs to shutup about national/world pride about this and just do as NASA says...  Dare mighty things.  Those PEOPLE created and pulled off the most daring move yet towards exploring our solar system, what's stopping you, no matter your nationality, from applying the same daring and strength of will to what you do?
386. Except of course that without the free (or somewhat free) enterprise system generating tax dollars none of this happens.  Disgusting nationalism? What other country is doing this? I believe Oliver, that you are an "abstract construct".
387. It is actually a victory of mankind, because American's are not a special breed of humans firstly, although kudos on having the research and facilities and organizing space programs. Also it's important to note that a considerable proportion of NASA scientists are not American, or atleast not of American origin.
388. Or, you could just read, instead of being spoonfed everything you "know".  The first fully-functional space rocket was built with a kickstart from German engineering.  Built in America, but by who?  Just don't be so blind, man.
389. So 'anyone who disagrees with FourtyFourAirwaves44' is oblivious and ignorant? Brilliant!
390. Somehow, I feel like you are being unjustifiably prejudiced.
391. It IS a victory for mankind.  A victory made possible by the United States of America.   The knowledge gained will benefit all mankind, but that does not negate the fact that that knowdledge was made possible by an American effort.
392. The people saying that Russia landed in the moon are lying. Only the USA landed on the moon. :)
393. Don't forget that the first corporation to reach the ISS is from USA! SpaceX FTW!!!!!
394. Thanks for the come back.  The truth is sometimes hard to accept.
395. The fact you found it depressing is exactly why they do it. They are trying to depress and demoralize Americans.
396. Yeah and I know how much Muslim extremists like to BEHEAD INNOCENT PEOPLE ON CAMERA.
397. After seeing this fantastic accomplishment,  I made the mistake of reading the comments.  Why do the comments invariably get reduced to petty arguments and fowl language.  Depressing but nevertheless I was not surprised. Why can't folks just enjoy this fantastic accomplishment and praise the people at JPL?
398. Cmon guys, do you really believe there is such a thing as space race today? In the 21st century? Be serious, most countries including the US, have been working in coop if not with other countries governments, with their specialists ever since the rocket technology was introduced (see Operation Paperclip), and it is not anything new.
399. Seven Asses Of Terror
400. Curiosity's seven asses of terror
401. Seven Asses
402. Also, the USSR never got a rover on Venus. They had several stationary craft, part of the Venera missions. None of the landers survived more than 2 hours on Venus. The USSR was the first with a Moon rover, but not until 1970, not 1959.The US was the first to land a rover on another planet, Mars, but not until 1997, with a rover called Sojourner, part of the Pathfinder mission. Also, yeah... Soviets have never been on the moon.
403. No. We can't accept that.  American spacecraft. Built in America. Launched from America. Controlled from JPL in America. American scientists. American engineers. This is an American victory. Do you know why China and Russia haven't landed rovers on Mars? Because they can't. America is the only nation on Earth that can do this
404. The Soviets never landed man on Moon :)
405. I Saw this in science class and i got all the updates ndd details on what happened ndd how much !
406. Mariner-9 beat Mars 2 and 3 to orbit, and the Mars 3 lander send back a garbled picture containing no information after 14.5 seconds of operation.
407. if you choose to believe that, then that is your reality.
408. 1972, look it up. It wasn't well publicised.
409. Mars 3 transmitted vast amounts of data back to Earth, how long it lasted is irrelevant - All that matters is what we get out of it, and we got a lot.
410. The USA hasn't made a manned landing on Mars either. They only made a manned landing on the Moon, which the Soviets did too in 1972.
411. Robot landings are nothing compared to human landings. There's nothing like setting foot on top of Mt Everest.
412. I'd be upset if they were manned landings :)
413. Good point, I wasn't thinking of the multinational nature of science when I posted. To refine my point:People should take pride in their political policies that lead to the advancement of science. The policies of a nation ultimately are upheld by the choices of its citizens. Therefore citizens who support science and education, can take pride in the successes. More knowledge usually leaves us with more questions, and this is what it is to advance as a species, to ask the right questions.
414. Wrong again buddy. While the Mars 2 and 3 orbiters had some success the Mars 2 lander crashed and the Mars 3 lander lasted only 20 seconds.   Please don't waste my time again with nonsense.
415. Wrong.. Mars 3 was on Mars from 1971 to 1972, it transmitted pictures of its surface (about 60 pictures in total) and vasts amount of data back to Earth. It failed in the end because there was a huge storm going on that killed the probe.
416. The USSR landed a rover on Venus in 1970, a rover on the Moon in 1959 and a rover on Mars in 1971.  Don't get too upset.
417. Normally nationalism is misplaced, like in war; however having pride for ones nation's science is justified because science actually matters. High tech research is one few things that America does well. American universities are world class, so too is our research. Therefore this is an American success that benefits humanity. Because Europeans should have pride for CERN's LHC, so too should Americans have pride for NASA's Curiosity; for these are the great achievements of humanity.
418. Scientists who work for NASA is not only from america.
419. Sorry to ruin this for YOU, but while the USSR may have been "first" on Mars none of their missions were considered successes. They either failed prior to landing or immediately thereafter, resulting in no science returns which = failure. The only institution on Earth who has demonstrated the capability to successfully land (and rove) on Mars is JPL.
420. It's definitely a victory for American, man. I'm from Vietnam
421. I disagree. This is IMO one of the greatest accomplishments since the moon landing. The is not a tiny rover like the past three. This thing weighs over a ton....like landing a Honda Accord. The amount of math, programming,(which is 90% c, but also some C++)  etc is just mind blowing.  Over half of attempts to land on Mars have failed (That's how difficult it is), and The U.S. is the only country to have done so, so we should all be very proud. This is far more sophisticated tech, then previous
422. So true. Sad but true to quote Metallica.
423. I wish that the Rover had an American flag hooked to it so that the Rovers arm can plant it into the dirt,. Maybe on our next rover.
424. 1600 degrees...Miles per hour...pounds of force... I hope that the reason for the imperial units is so that it doesn't thrown the American audience for a loop- and not because some engineer at NASA decided to start using it. I remember Mars Climate Orbiter, and when imperial units start coming from places like JPL, I start getting nervous.
425. The ussr landed on the moon first not apollo 11
426. Mitt Romney had a hand on this!
427. I agree The USSR landed man on Moon first!
428. solly mr politically corrrect I mean caucasian but I'm Asian by the way so my Engrish isn't to good
429. Ignoring all the comments below, this is just awesome. These people worked hard to get this rover on Mars. Their tears of joy made it even better. To see your hard work pay off, that's the best feeling in the world. But there is still a lot of work for these people. Nice job, humanity.
430. Speaking as an aerospace engineer, we're not doing it for "white people" or racist trash like you, we're doing it for all human kind. Also, perhaps you should re-watch the video and pay closer attention to some of the ethnicities, because working in the field, I can tell you, the idea that it's "white people" is pretty laughable.
431. It's not a race if no-one else is doing it.
432. What you have to factor in, is the enormous figures you quote for Medicare etc. Is swallowed up not by treating desperate, sick people, but by paying doctors, healthcare "providers", insurance companies and drug companies incredible amounts of money. You know this in your heart of hearts, but to say it makes you appear "Un American". This is the problem with the US, everyone is scared to speak up. Except the Westboro' Baptist Church, they seem to have a voice, curse them.
433. Britain doesn't have a choice in our healthcare? Even under the NHS you can choose from whom and where you receive treatment,and seemingly unknown to the US, we have had a thriving and highly sophisticated private healthcare system.before the US or many other countries had anything at all and before the NHS. If you check out Michael Moore's film "Sicko" you will see that at the time it was made, the US was 38th in the world for healthcare just above Slovenia,13 million kids in US no healthcare!
434. So you have an anti-US bone to pick; you chose wrong forum. Not because your point's invalid, but because NASA is not one of the US's problems. Bashing Americans for being proud of this achievement is ridiculous. This is absolutely something to be proud of. For someone as critical as you, I'd think you'd agree that of all the things America does on an international scale, science and tech is among the most admirable. If you know about our healthcare, you know the fix isn't gutting science.
435. I was amazed it worked.....
436. Sorry to ruin this for you,but the US is winning the space race today... do you have a rover the size of curiosity on mars right now?
437. At what point did I say I had no criticisms of the UK? Are you assuming that because I am pointing out some truths about the USA, which is the most oppressive country I have ever known, and I have lived in Morocco, India and Germany plus England, That I have no gripes about the UK? I have plenty.  Naive? I have never come across such naivety, it is endemic. Insular? A friend of mine, she runs a hosp dept. Asked me once "What is the capital of Europe?" I mean come on.  There are people out there.
438. Your posts suggest that everyone could get healthcare, even no one paid. All I'm saying is society pays. The same holds here--children are not dying for want of care. However, I agree the UK system is MUCH better.  Your issues with the US are a personal thing. Maybe it's b/c you live far from home in a remote state. But when I was abroad, I learned to be critical of my own country, not my host. We may be a little naive and insular, but good intentioned, creative, and striving--evidenced by NASA.
439. Actually you are kinda wrong. According to NASA's website, the budget for the FY of 2013 $17.7 billion. Now don't get me wrong, I agree with your point that they don't get enough money. You are close in saying that the military gets 30%. They get about $700 billion, and Social Security the same. Medicare gets a separate $500 billion that is separate from social security! But my point is so fact check before spouting off.
440. Why do you think I believe the NHS to be free? Do you not imagine that after 50+ years of being a recipient I might have noticed how it is funded?  What is important is that it is provided without the means to pay, at all levels. Regardless of that, I think the world is tired that the USA see their successes as proof of their perfection, to the detriment of everyone else. A little more honesty would go a long way. USA is in an awful mess, created by pride, arrogance and greed, I know first hand.
441. Buddy, we landed on Mars. It's a singularly awesome achievement that, again, is uniquely American. We are rightfully proud.  But you really want to debate healthcare huh? I've got news, regardless of what you personally pay for, healthcare is a service provided by medical professionals and industry. It is most certainly NOT free. This has a cost which must be paid. If you want to see what happens when it isn't, just look at Greece; Deutsche Welle had a very sad piece on this just last night.
442. As it happens. You do not ever need to have paid a tax or social security contributions in the UK, and a large part of Europe, to qualify for unlimited health and welfare care, "From cradle to grave" was the promise, which has been up held faithfully for 60 years. But over here we pay Federal Taxes to administer and fund the care of American tax payers and citizens, what else is it for? Only it doesn't happen, some fat cat in government and his crones get first cut. Including NASA.
443. well, i have lived abroad quite a bit and speak two non-english languages near fluently. i actually work in science and probably half my colleagues are foreign. i go to conferences in other countries. so i consider myself well-informed. and i'm still going to be proud of NASA.  fwiw, i like the british healthcare model a lot. some don't. since you live here, you know the debate. but it is not free, it's paid for in taxes.  every country has challenges. i'm still very proud of us science.
444. What you don't realise is that America isn't the only country in the world. That there is a myriad of discovery, invention and innovation going on around the globe. The USA does not lead the world in everything. It is not the best, there is no "best", anywhere, but suffering from Dunning-Kruger as the American people do, you are unlikely to realise it. BTW, I live in MI & married to a USC. The Olympics raised revenue, the cost is offset by this and we have free healthcare for our kids in the UK.
445. actually, i overstate things by saying no one comes close. i know enough to know better. lots of good stuff over at cern lhc, for example (although the us contributed) and in top universities and research institutes around the world. still. we landed a 1 ton rover on mars. let us know when you get there.
446. come on, chap, don't be such the typically angry brit. we did this for a fraction of the cost that you paid to host the olympics, and the benefits to science and humanity aren't even comparable. i'm usually not all about nationalism, but no one else is doing this. no country comes close to the us in science and technology, and that's something i'm happy to be proud of. must suck to not really have much going for you these days, i guess you rain on other peoples' parades to entertain yourselves.
447. Being an American doesn't make you directly responsible for the Mars landing. NASA's team is multi-national. Your greatest sacrifice is that the US government spends more money on NASA than it does on its children's healthcare, I bet you feel so proud.
448. Yes, it's the Man landing that counts. eg First man to scale Mt Everest:  Neil Armstrong
449. Sorry to ruin this for you, but USSR (todays Russia) was first the moon, Venus and Mars. But USA had the first manned landing, on the moon.
450. Those who liked this comment, did you fail to read it entirely?
451. You don't :( They don't even design it to return to earth because the aliens just steal it after about 2 years anyways, when they find it.
452. Sooo clever. Shame nothing was there too see the landing, must have been an awesome spectical! I see one problem tho, how do you get it back? Haha
453. Um.. I never deleted any comments I made.
454. LOL
455. Don't feed the troll 123nbb, they're getting overfed as it is.
456. your criticism was poor and reeking of amateurism.  If you can't figure out "cod3" means the word "code" then don't bother breathing anymore.
457. Great video, good job NASA.... Im surprice there's no conspiracy theorist saying its all fake. Well there's 155 dislikes so they must be Russians or the Chinese.
458. We can put a Car-sized Rover on Mars, but can't have in-Sync Video and Audio on Earth... thats pretty sick!
459. First to land on Moon and Mars gets bragging rights for all of Eternity. Well done USA and White people!!
460. I remember a few years ago, sitting at home frustrated because I thought my trigonometry homework was difficult...
461. the landing video from Curiosity has been posted!! :D   search: MARDI filming Curiosity rover landing   ITS INCREDIBLE
462. this is awesome i can't believe how it is so precise
463. As long as humans inhabit 1 planet we are still vulnerable to extinction.  Colonizing other planets is important for our long term survival.
464. Okay.  go read the bible because jesus loves you.
465. Wow, its like something out a movie....Incredible. ~Eph 2:8-9~
466. Just think where would we be today if Columbus was not able to get funding from the queen to explore the ends of the earth. Exploration needs to keep moving forward.
467. Sorry my french, but i fu... love the rover.
468. I hope there's always criticism no matter how good they might appear....
469. ميزانية ناسا الماليه ضعف ميزانية 3 دول عربيه مجتمعه  من اين لهم الامريكان هذي الاموال
470. Except that Inception is a movie and this is really happened.
471. This just lying
472. You're right, I work for NASA with the sole purpose of spreading our Nazi-Disney-Kubrick-Hollywood-Bullshit lies. I can't believe you figured me out, but it doesn't matter. Even with all your vast cunning, decoding intellect and prowess of 'sticking it to the NWO', no one will believe you. What's great is that you won't get to reproduce, not only because you're too neurotic for women to find you attractive, but because we poisoned your water with infertility agents.
473. you are "enlightened" in your own mind only, but out of synch with both reality and common sense.  You are the one talking about committing mass murder - when did you cross over that line of morality and thinking and conclude that you are smarter or better than the rest of us?  WTF?  Are you an alien in human disguise, or did your mama just forget to flush the toilet again?  LMFAO!
474. Haha yes, but don't forget HAARP, Nazi UFOs, Area 51, energy beings from the Pleiades cluster, the hologram Moon, the Face on Mars, or shape-shiften Reptilians from the constellation Draco.
475. Thank you!  I want to add FEMA Death Camps and the whole New World Order thing to the list.
476. Where did it fly off to after the rover was lowered???
477. No matter how many times I watch this, it's freaking amazing that it happened.
478. Mission Completed!
479. EVERYTHING is an inception rip off lately. haven't you noticed?
480. Best movie this summer.
481. I love how the music is obviously a rip-off version of the Inception trailer music xP
482. Ohohoh you got me there buddy
483. Conspiracy theorists love to believe that there is much more to the world than there is. They love having the delusional fantasy that they're smarter and more informed than the rest of we "sheeple" (I f*cking hate that word) are. They are simply so distrusting of everything, that they become narcissists, inflating their own egos with Hollywood-esque fantasies in order to make their lives more interesting. Chem-trails, fake NASA, 9/11 inside-job, alien visitors, fluoride, you name it.
484. That explains why your sentences sound like someone in kindergarten wrote it.
485. It is not "illteracies". It's a different method of communication without being an official language. It's not English, sure....but like I said, it's leet speak  Are you that thick you cannot understand that?
486. اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .  اشهد ان لا اله الا الله . واشهد ان محمدً رسول الله .
487. Our bodies have the power to fight anything if we eat right, how do you explain the villages where they have never heard of cancer and live past a hundred, also if we eat crap you get cancer diabetes even colds every year.
488. This video is much improved by listening to the Inception soundtrack "Mind Heist".   BRRRRRRAAAAWWWWRWRRRMRMRMMM.  BRRRRRRAAAAWWWWRWRRRMRMRMMM.
489. Marvelous. Incredible. This is the kind of things humans can accomplish when they work together.
490. Rope, what are you doing? Rope?! Stahp! What are you doing?!
491. " I'm not Nazi"  No, you're worse.
492. Man I don't even know where to begin with this comment.  When you learn to write properly and make sentences that actually make sense, then we can continue this.  Because if your grammar skills are any indication of your skills to build a rover, man you're screwed.
493. Your right about that. In a case of a supernova Nasa would have to build a ship with Warp drive. If we have time we can build a gigantic ship in space and carry a selected group of people and live generations on that ship if we can get far away from the super nova blast soon enough. Either way I wont lose sleep over that.llol
494. I think their budget may go up a bit lol.
495. *doesn't
496. I will tell you how to cure cancer or any disease, just build up your immune system simple as that we all have cancer cells in us but our immune systems keeps them down.
497. LOL! fkn troll ^
498. Tell you what, you prove your statements first. You think it's so damn easy to do what these amazing scientists have done, then do it yourself!  You couldn't even come up with the first formula to calculate the trajectory required to get an object of a specific mass to the planet Mars, let alone build the vehicle and design an entry profile. You're doing all the whining around here, piss off and let those of us who understand how incredibly difficult this is enjoy it.
499. i got a little teared up
500. go SDSU alums that participated in the project!!  :D
501. Fixes asteroid, virus and war. And with that, we can pioneer to a different place.
502. Nasa launched a rover eight months ago that landed a mobile laboratory platform with delicate instruments on the surface of Mars within one minute of the projected landing time. This landing sequence had to be able to do everything by itself, including error correction. It doesn't matter how much money you have, that is difficult and requires true genius from lots of scientists and engineers. This is amazing. This is hard. This is EPIC!!!
503. Curiosity, Mako's great great grandfather.
504. I don't hear, what he says. Why is the music so loud?
505. Cool story, bro.
506. а зачем небесный кран так далеко улетел?
507. simmer down kids, simmer down.
508. Those UFO's that you speek of has been captured over camera, BUT those films are obiusly fake, people have even tested and seen how easy it is to make a fake video like that.
509. I actually do cancer research and I'm sure people would accuse us of wasting government money because we are not looking for drug treatments, nor are we developing them. We are trying to figure out how cancer develops, and granted, we are very far from it. Should we abandon the mission because it has no immediate application? Hell no! Science is actually what makes us human - our wish to find out more about ourselves and the world around us, and the drive and intelligence to do something.
510. Coming from a 21 year old baby faced mamma's boy, that's hardly worthy of the energy it takes me to type this, but I know more about the Sciences than you'll learn in a lifetime, maybe my Physics & Engineering degrees speak to that. About the only thing that speaks for you is the smell emanating from your diapers, time for a change little one, go see mamma. Speaking of immature replies, see your entry where you wish death upon me and my entire family & loved ones, very mature that is. Piss off
511. Man...I wish there was video of this thing landing.
512. Mars dust will cure cancer.
513. You seriously think that what you're trying to get across equates to Logic? Wow, that online degree you got from The Northern University of Southern Moose Jaw in "Logicalitically" must make your Mamma proud eh...
514. You Sir, are a complete and utter moron, and probably way beyond help by now. I would advise staying away from casual drugs as they might be just enough to tip you right over the edge of whatever sanity you have remaining. I do however, suggest you seek professional help with your delusions from someone who's not a "conspiracy nut-case" such as yourself, because if your psychiatrist is also a "believer", you two will simply drive each other insane with competing worthless what-if theories.
515. War. I think you mean war.
516. When we will reach Pluto, can't wait....
517. You did not understood me.I never said that we have to focus on just a single problem.I was just thinking that with so much tehnology and we still can't cure cancer.Maybe I was subjective,that because my father died on lung cancer.No hate (:
518. idiot. read the role of NASA in advances in Medicine.
519. @MustwinfullGaming Stem = answer. Or ETs willing to help us, which is less possible.
520. yeah, but at any point in this video does it actually show any sensible scientific footage? no it even has a hanz zimmer esque track in the background!
521. You think a video is gonna convince idiots like him? He'll just use the same "It's not 1969" argument as you're using. We have VERY realistic looking CGI today.
522. And luck plays a role of course :)
523. I'd say 'Reasoned engineering and thought. But still it looks crazy'
524. This rover is full of French technologies
525. this is the biggest hollywood BS i have seen in ages, but man did it get me excited about the probe :P
526. yeah, but maybey it shows that cancer is so tricky to cure if we are capable of getting stuff on mars? look at the pathfinders. they got a probe on mars for less than the film titanic cost to make!
527. And people are still dying on cancer...
528. More funding is not a guarantee. Especially not if it's a landing they have never attempted before. Besides, this rover is as large as a car and has more technology in it than all the rovers before. Logically that costs more money. Go tell NASA's team that this isn't science.
529. So you have to start namecalling to 'prove' your point.  Score Earth - Mars is 15 to 24. That means the chances of landing successfully are ~40%. So the chances of failure are higher than the chances of success. There's your logic.
530. Ah, thanks for clearing that up for me.
531. How would terraforming take millions of years? If we decided we wanted to we could start within the next hundred or so years.
532. Freekin awesome  NASA !
533. It's not actually a Apple Mac G3 computer. It uses the same CPU as that computer however -- an IBM PowerPC Processor.
534. It's a wonder that out of all of the things that could have gone wrong, none went.
535. can I like this 1million times
536. I think this is just wonderful. And a very good name, possibly the first I've heard for a spacecraft that didn't sound like just another military vehicle. "Curiosity" is like....what you'd name a class pet in a nice school.
537. Also, the Mars at present cannot support life as the atmosphere is literally so thin that liquid water instantly evaporates, even at more than a hundred degrees below zero, So, no water, not enough air, and too cold. Only a very select group of microbial lifeforms can survive in that. Also, nuclear physics does not work that way.
538. The internet was made by DARPA. Also, that kind of tech IS in the mainstream. The onboard computer for Curiosity is a modified Apple G3 Macintosh computer. And the battery pack cannot explode like that. It's a LOT harder to use plutonium or uranium to make something that will explode than it is to make something that will provide power.
539. What the hell are you rambling about?
540. You got played!. You are "blinded" by the science!. Ask lots of qood questions and you will see why this CANNOT be. Like the moon landings. Not possible, we ain't got that kind of tech in the mainstream. But Black Ops is a different thing. They have real science, so here is one change, they come to the "saving grace" because there is a potential nuclear bomb onboard with its plutonium battery pack. Nobody wants a nuclear explosion especially in 2012. Just not tolerated!. *Assisted landing"!.
541. All this complexity and untested in a Martian environment and IT WORKS THE First time ?! TOTALLY IMPOSSIBLE!. The truth is, a Black Ops craft tractor-beamed this lander in the last few minutes into a very soft landing. There is a good reason for that 7 mins of the black-magician cloth shield to keep us worrying and viola!. It works!. This is how it is done!.  Remember: It has a nuclear battery with Plutonium on it, neither the Martians nor any earthling wants this probe destroyed or damaged!!!.
542. awe-struck!
543. Your argument makes no sense. Regardless of what you are paid, there are difficulties in every job. There have been failed blastoffs (the Glory satellite), crashes (Morpheus), and all manner of other projects which didn't turn out the way we'd hoped. There are so many requirements and parameters and dimensions and calculations involved with each piece, each segment of a single NASA project, that to have no errors is a HUGE feat. If you don't understand this, then you are ignorant. Poor thing.
544. What the hell are you talking about?  Just because they were hired/work for NASA does not mean that everything they do is going to be easy as pie.  If you think it is so damn easy then put your money where your mouth is.  You make a rover to go land on Mars, put proof on Youtube, and make sure you tell us how easy it was to do.  When you do this, then we will all shut up and leave you alone.
545. hahahaha, first of all. Before accusing other people of being stupid, learn proper grammar first. Second of all, who are you to decide that things they do aren't difficult? You already landed a few mars rovers yourself? I think you are the one who cannot understand a thing.
546. Wow... that guy was so embarrassed he deleted the comment. What'd he say? xD I agree with you, by the way...
547. Ah, so by this you are saying that everything you said is bullshit. Since there is no truth.
548. I think it will be sooner than any one thinks, it is already setting up in the middle east iran and israel will spark it up, just prophecy.
549. This is un-firkin-believable!  In abstract, just hearing it was done, this mission is amazing.  To hear the details of how it was achieved... wow.
550. how many years? i must prepare
551. Please, humanity will destroy itself in a world nuclear war in a couple of years before we get to any planet.
552. Absolutely incredible! Go NASA! First I thought WOW, then AMAZING, now all I can say is DAMN
553. So what do you say then about Vimanas? ( Google and study them and then we talk)
554. At times like this I put aside my misanthropic thinking and feel proud to be apart of humanity although I'll never do anything as great as this. This is thanks to NASA and a few great minds from other groups who seek to advance forward. I find that truly honourable.
555. Listen: Science is a case of "standing upon the shoulder of giants". Congrats to America, sure, but if you think they didn't base and build their work on scientists around the world you'd be wrong. Funny how ones who had *nothing* at all to do with it are the ones who shout the loudest about claiming credit. You can be sure the American scientists don't take the attitude you do, especially jibing someone as a "foreigner" (which we all are to each other).
556. It is perfectly acceptable around the world to refer to the USA as "America". Look it up in any reference you like. If you want to refer to the continent you would usually say "the Americas", "the American continent" or "the continent of America". So chill. Maybe things are just different where you live.
557. 1.6 million people watch a video about a man made object landing on a planet thousand of miles away ... over 100 million watch a Justin Biever video ... What the hell is wrong with mankind and what are we as a race turning in to ??
558. I think you mean cutting social programs which make up like 60% of the federal budget. We have to spend on Defense as the World's Lone Superpower to stabilize the planet.
559. I almost cried... It's beautiful and amazing!!! ♥♥♥♥♥
560. Ha, ha, ha...too much vodka?
561. You know, if you think about it, people who believe like you hasn't accomplished much in this world.  Look at all the underdeveloped and developing countries - they all believe that someone has done everything for them, that there's a divine creature, all-knowing and all powerful although nobody has proven its existence.  The result - laziness.....both mentally and physically and therefore poverty!  Think - that's what distinguishes humans from animals!
562. MRO captured a portion of parachute descent.
563. So, how did your last space mission go again?  lol
564. I would hardly call 2.5 billion over 8 years...sooooo 312.5 million a year....a lot of money.  312.5 million dollars is less than chump change to the U.S annual budget.  Hell the entire NASA budget of 17 billion is less than chump change to the U.S annual budget.
565. Lockheed Martin and Boeing in the US are the big ones.  There are a few Russian, UK, Italian, and German companies that have also contributed.  Hell Lockheed has built all of the rovers and landers for the U.S. so far, I trust at this point they know how to integrate all the pieces.  Considering it didn't explode or crash (an amazing feat in itself), it was a safe assumption.
566. So glad to hear that from Qatar.  We hope more people from your region would participate and collaborate in this kind of endeavor to make it more international!
567. What a fascinating DARE !
568. NASA is so cool!
569. And the sad thing is that people think this is a waste of money, because they won't get 'profit' from space research. That is, until you tell them where velcro came from, IR camera's, GPS and so on. We need to spend more on space research.
570. So telling the truth is whining? Really, the only one who is whining is you.
571. The team deserve the Nobel prize of Technological Achievement
572. How do I keep forgetting the LHC exists? But my point is more about how the germans were US citizens at that point, and it was funded by the US. Though yeah, lotta germans.
573. this is funny
574. Best UFO landing that Mars People could have even seen.
575. FAKE.
576. Coolest thing EVER!! I love space!!
577. Can't wait to see the hi res images
578. They are going to release the hi-res version soon. On NASA's site they posted a thumbnail version video of the heat shield falling away. Keep checking NASA's official site. They are posting great things.
579. Actually, missions to mars have a 40% success rate. So for every two that succeed, three have failed. The only reason there are any successful mars missions is because of earlier moon missions, which had a very high success rate... Because Russia didn't get their rocket prepared in time to beat the US, and the US did an incredible amount of testing and made what is still the most complicated machine in the world, the Saturn V rocket.
580. No. Just ignorants.
581. I wonder why they didn't have some kinda camera turn on during the descent.... I think capturing video of that would be fantastic.
582. Not only does NASA pull off amazing things like this, but they do it on a shoe string budget that keeps getting cut. .48% of the national budget (less than half of a percent) goes to NASA. Now imagine what they could do with the Pentagon's budget.  209billion NASA: 30 year Shuttle program. Pentagon: AC drafty tents in the Iraqi desert.  2.5 Billion NASA: Mars Rover. Pentagon: Missing 6.6 billion in Iraqi reconstruction funds (largest theft in national history).  Just something to keep in mind...
583. The entire time i was watching this video i was thinking....  USA ! USA ! USA !
584. Spoiler alert: it landed safely
585. North Korea can't get a rocket to the space and America just did this. Gotta love it. Knowing how insulated they keep their people, the North Koreans probably don't even know about this.
586. Congratulations NASA on such an amazing job well done. Im blown away at the complexity of all this. Please give us some HD video of the surface soon.
587. Space space space. Gotta go to space!
588. then stop using technology and medical drugs
589. Other planets = Things we don't have on earth = better fuel, power, building materials. Other planets + technology = more space to live = less over population and pollution. Space isn't the only way to solve things, but it is one of the ways, and its humanity's job to explore all possibilities to survive and grow. People ask what is the meaning of life. Its simple to me, move on. Space is moving on. Learning is moving on. Doing new things is moving on. Moving on is not a waste.
590. First the earth was flat, then the earth was the centre of the universe, then the earth was proven round and it was proven that the sun is the centre of our solar system. Dinosaur bones were hidden by God do make us doubt? Now God is the architect of the universe? You sound like one of those moon conspiracy believers, like them you're being driven into a corner with no way out.
591. And they did. Now stop whining and shut the f*ck up.
592. And how is giving everyone food going to help in the long run?
593. And perhaps it would not have happened at all. You cannot foresee the future so if you assume a different past you cannot foresee its future.
594. That is why we must form an international space exploration association and cooperate. Then, the budget could be much higher.
595. In your opinion that is.
596. Knowledge. I you go nowhere you learn nothing. Only by going somewhere/doing something you learn new things. Playing God=/=Learning.
597. Also, idk if you are aware of this but this planet is dying. We can try to slow down the process but it will still die (consumer culture and all).   And even if we DO manage to hold the planet for millions of years, the sun will eventually turn into a Red Giant (in 5 billion years), and we better be off this solar system (not off Earth, off the SOLAR system) before that happens. And there is also comets and asteroids to worry about.   So unless you want Dinosaurs 2.0 to happen, give NASA money.
598. Military is needed, 600 Billion a year is NOT needed. We can cut the military spending by half and we would STILL be spending much more than any country on the planet.   In fact, most of the debt comes from the Bush Tax cuts and the Military Budget (which keeps growing, for some reason).
599. I'm so glad that everyone doesn't think like you, because we'd live in an extremely boring world if they were.
600. If it weren't for technology you'd not be able to spread your hypocrisy and ignorance through the world wide web. You don't think that technology that we have come to accept in our society today was as elusive and expensive to develop as the ones under development in various scientific fields today? And playing God? What does human ingenuity driven by one of our most primal traits, curiosity be seen as playing god?   Myopic people like you are the bane of our time. Enjoy thy average life.
601. while you guys are bitching and fighting over stuff i have a real question. do you think it sounds anything like what we hear in this video? i know the sounds have been put in the video but what does it really sound like.....? i wonder.
602. Not to mention that scientists from all over the world (including scientists from Denmark, yay us xD) have assembled at the control center to perform experiments using Curiosity.  Humanity can be proud of this, not just americans.
603. The most important breakthrough in the last thousand years came from shining invisible light on a piece of metal to watch more invisible bits come out. If scientists hadn't followed up on this odd little detail (Ultraviolet Catastrophe, the most badass-sounding revolution in scientific understanding), the absolute limit of modern technology would be brass and steam. And we'd have Cavepunks wearing animal skins, posting lithographs of themselves holding clubs that don't actually work-cracked
604. Great work! The "Seven minutes of terror" were not of terror, they were of glory! :D
605. Great work! It looks like a SciFi movie but finally became reality!
606. Awesome job NASA!
607. wow nice video, even its only in graphics or in animation. I have read this news last day, another big leap for science and of course congrats NASA.   As I think that there is other worlds besides earth is to much complicated for me  to comprehend. But thanks to the brilliant minds of people in the field of science for keeping us/me informed. Hopefully and i'm sure of this that these kind of outer space exploration will be benefit human race in the next generation of humans.World peace is a must
608. wow i am blown away, so when can we get the hell off this broken over populated dumpster and start trashing another world. please no congress and senete on mars.lets try a free science driven world of dreamers  with  love and human passion not haters who want my mars money
609. I think I want to be a NASA scientist. Absolutely amazingly incredible.
610. Shut up idiot.
611. I can't stop watching this video. This is amazing work done by creative, brilliant minds. Thank you, JPL and NASA.
612. This is so amazing, but it is depressing that so many comments here are political, about religion, or someone's disbelief.  Let's be proud of human ingenuity, creativity, and curiosity and let this achievement bring us together!   Yay!
613. Amazing. Thank you for sharing how the Rover was landed on Mars.
614. What's wrong with a big military? Without it, you won't be American for long.
615. Wow!
616. Dare Mighty Things :)
617. 3:14 yessss
618. This could have gone wrong in so many different ways and still the engineers made it. Congratulations!
619. BOOOOOOOOOOOOYA!
620. It's not playing. It's science. They're trying to learn more of the nature of the planets, partly because this one won't always be habitable. I see no benefit of being ignorant of science unless we begin to think that stagnation as a species is beneficial. As for "free" healthcare, it's never going to be free. It would be funded by taxes, so everyone is paying for it anyway.
621. I bet there was a bit of luck involved.
622. Your ignorance is as astonishing as it is dismaying...
623. This 10 year science mission, 2.6 billion..is about the same price as we are paying "per month' for our unneeded Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan,,,Playing with expensive toys...A B-2 stealth bomber costs well over a Billion dollars.I did not see Millions of people watching this "unneeded" war on Sunday night.. They wanted to see technology at is finest,  Exploring new worlds ..not destroying them...
624. Wow....love this.
625. The added dramatic music makes this video!
626. Curiosity is a car-sized, car-massed, nuclear-powered robot with a laser. The aliens probably know already.
627. The project cost $2.5 billion. Interestingly enough, Americans spend more than that on lip balm every year.   And the American military's yearly budget is around $600 billion.
628. You do realize how ridiculously small the nasa budget is?  If more Americans had jobs in engineering, mathematics, and science, we wouldn't need a waste money on the "average American".  Also, I hope you know that in the medical field many discoveries were because of very well educated people playing with "expensive toys".  Please go back under whatever rock you crawled out of.
629. That is 1337 sp3k (leet speak)
630. It's nerd speak, I'm serious, it's just a little humor.
631. 136 dislikes...I bet if this video had shown some idiot, skateboarding off a roof, and landing nut's first on a railing... Almost everyone would like it. To all the dislikers, please try to post an "intelligent" response as to why you hate this video...
632. At least when the Aliens show up, they'll know who's in charge.
633. Before I saw this, I was a Retired Engineer. Now I realize I'm a retired OBSOLETE Engineer.
634. To boldly go where no one has gone before, is not merely an American Dream, but a human dream.  It's moments like this that make me proud to be human.
635. Thanks a bunch, man!
636. Zack Hemsey - Mind Heist
637. It's videos like this that make me sit back and think of ways I can better myself to make contributions as monumental as this one. Achievements like this must be revered for people to find it in themselves to push themselves even further and achieve great things. Not just in the realm of science, but in other aspects as well.
638. I'm so glad i understand the engineering that went in making this happen. Fells good to know something that all commenters don't know.
639. America! F-ck yeah!
640. Look again.
641. I know, I like it.
642. So what music is used in this video?
643. those scientists probably just got their citizenship
644. what is "500,000 lines of COD3" at 0:22? Have sloppy typographical errors sent the rover to Venus instead?
645. superb.good job NASA
646. And what a pity it seems to be always their budget that gets cut and not the military's. I'm with you bro. Although I am British, I am proud of Nasa too, as a human being!
647. I think he's steering more towards the enlightenment and after that, the scientific method. Before that Europe was a horrible place. Though you can't deny western civilization and thinking has had a great influence on many other cultures and it is the image of western civilization that we associate with a modern civilization.
648. These are the things that make me proud to be American. Not our disgustingly massive military.
649. So does anyone know what song this is yet?
650. Go big or go home. no guts no glory!
651. yes, because the dark ages of medieval europe is more advance than chinese attempt to creates cannon and explosives.
652. I got nervous about success when I saw the audio synch problem on this video.  ;> ...but seriously great job NASA!
653. Russian made complex automation landing on Venera 40 years ago. And on the moon 45 years ago and they dont brag. Venera has terrible atmosferic condition, high pressures and temperature...
654. Great! Nasa have several reasons for party now! 1). the beautiful and complex landing 2) - Official Approval from the Macedonian Government for researching their ancient land 3)Secret Service cleaned all the place before the landing from all the suspicious creatures as well with all the evidence that they ever existed! :D
655. I'm am absolutely delighted to be proven wrong. Here's hoping for a successful couple of years full of new and exciting discoveries.
656. Movie idol scientists and kinda-crazy looking ones; both sexes; accented English, unaccented; admissions of sincere doubt followed by we-gotta-cut-it-off decisiveness; names from across the earth...thank you JPL, thank you NASA, thank you America. I was in basic training for the American army when I learned of Viking in 1976--I love that I defended your activities. But I'm just as ready to be proud for all humans once other nations pull this off.
657. This actually brings a tear to my eye... I am in awe.
658. if you're a woman    - (true story)
659. i scream
660. It must've been very terrifying for mission control
661. You sir, are exactly what's wrong with the west. We need to civilize ourselves and leave you the hell behind.
662. You're an idiot.  It's a rover, not a space-ship.  It crawls along the surface and collects data that will be transmitted back to earth.  We aren't ready to send people there yet because it costs so goddamned much.
663. I suggest you start reading.
664. "westernize"  because eastern civilization is left behind in 18th century.  are you fucking kidding me?
665. in parallel universe, humankind already making pioneer colony in Mars.
666. i feel you brah
667. Exactly...I completely agree to your point...People like you prove yet again why its very important to think global
668. Well, we get prepare to kill aliens.
669. Sooo tell me again why we cut the funding to NASA?  What a stupid move.  This stuff and these people are brilliant.
670. Human ingenuity at work. When you cut through all the bullshit in our society. You can still see that sometimes, we rock :).
671. They did learn the units, the temperature of 1600 is in Celsius. :)
672. It's just much easier to use the Dark Portal.
673. You're not dealing with it well are you?
674. we found evidence of bacteria on mars years ago. your really late on that one
675. bacteria
676. BREAKING NEWS: We found life on Mars today.   Now what?
677. One of the best thing ever seen, in terms of robotics..
678. congrats to nasa, i watched the whole thing live and it's amazing that everything went perfectly.  it just shows how much dedication they've put into it.
679. Congratulations to everyone involved in this feat.
680. Just amazing!
681. Congratulations!!!  A monumental task achieved.  We're proud of you.
682. FUCK YEAH ENGINEERING!
683. Science is magic.
684. 1:42 Its a bear o.O
685. "As of 11 October 2008, the banking industry in Switzerland has an average leverage ratio (assets/networth) of 29 to 1, while the industry's short-term liabilities are equal to 260% of the Swiss GDP or 1,273% of the Swiss national debt."
686. Negative fuck face.   "Health insurance is compulsory for all persons residing in Switzerland (within three months of taking up residence or being born in the country). International civil servants, members of permanent missions and their family members are exempted from compulsory health insurance. They can, however, apply to join the Swiss health insurance system, within six months of taking up residence in the country."
687. Fantastic feat of engineering - I applaud all involved... we can put a man on the moon, a rover on Mars, but we can't get lip-sync on Youtube... interesting conundrum.
688. Hoax!
689. still easier than parallel parking.
690. America is not a country you idiot.
691. I could`nt agree more, with special thanks to the chinese as they virtually own america :)
692. shouldnt you be complaining that your country didnt just land on Mars?
693. Shouldn't you be complaining about the deficit, hyperinflation, death panels and such?
694. If anything, you should be thanking the Nazis. Look up Operation Paperclip
695. This is REALLY cool.. I dont know how this helps us poor people on earth and the millions starving.. but its still FREAKIN COOL!
696. Wow, this looks so much easier in Mass Effect...
697. stupid how they destroyed the rocket crane, if it could land eneb with a dust cloud it should have been landed.
698. Primarily, it is a success of science and engineering. Just because someone was born in a country, it does not mean that this country may claim his achievements. But yes, those of us who support this endeavor emotionally and ideologically may feel involved, regardless of their nationality. Although I give special compliments to the USA for affording a space program. Not every culture is willing to do that. I just wished they spent more on it. It is not a gift,it is an investment into the future.
699. A tremendous note of appreciation and acknowledgment is due in connection with the fact that so many of the scientists making this event possible aren't "white Americans."  American kids--and yes, I'm from the US, white, European descent--are too busy being precious snowflakes, too wrapped up in pop culture to be able to contribute much in the way of engineering and science.  Can't be bothered with school, homework, truly working hard, grades, etc. Anyhow--thank you, and way to go NASA! Woo hoo!
700. ya right
701. Thank you Science!!! . Fuck Religion.
702. What an EXCITING TIME TO BE ALIVE! MORE PLEASE!!
703. What, you mean like this?   watch?v=YzMrNFd4oOk  Ironically, we could have probably funded this without all the wars, bailouts, stupid pet political projects etc and be halfway there by now. Oh well, maybe in another world.... Here's hoping. Well done NASA.
704. The best thing ever happened in this decade.
705. You, sir, just made my day!!!
706. >Trying to greentext on Youtube (!?)  Looking at the "too many negative votes" on your comments, it looks likes most people couldn't tell in the first place.
707. It already landed last night.
708. 1600 Degrees of what? I'm disappointed NASA, I expected that after the last Mars probe failures you'd learn to use units.
709. Luckily for those who are in your situation, this video is captioned. Click the "CC" button in the video controls bar. It should set itself to "English" by default, I think. If not, click on it again and a little menu should pop up. Click "English" (not "English (transcribed)").
710. Did Hans Zimmer do the sound track for this? lol
711. was it to land today our yesterday?
712. I just saw it land last night. It was amazing! Well done NASA!
713. Dude, it already landed...
714. He's trolling.
715. One word - BRILLIANT.
716. Why are there people talking in the video when you can only hear the crappy music? I'd like to know what they are saying but for some reason I'm only hearing the music. Is this a problem on my end or is this the way the video is actually made? Because it's driving me insane to see their mouths moving and have no words coming out. I'm just not that good at lip reading.
717. good luck guys
718. Song sounds like a edit/early version of Zack Hemsey's "The Calling" - also why it sounds like Inception/Zimmer.
719. Considering all the sequence of events that need to happen for this to work....it still has a greater chance than me getting laid. lol
720. The seven-minutes-of-terror are over.  Now let two years of Curiosity begin.
721. congrats nasa so glad this worked last night!!!!!
722. I love the music used in this short documentary, but somehow I doubt it's called "music-dark/mystrious/percussive". Does anyone have an inkling of what the song's name is?
723. The problem with America is not that it doesn't have any insightful people left, it's that rational thinkers aren't organizing well enough. Let nobody convince you that the anti-intellectuals and extreme right wingers are in the majority, the problem is simply that the political climate is such that both parties are squarely against the interests of most people and nobody has organized well enough to make their position untenable.
724. I wish I had studied enough math to be in the same room with these people. Stay in School.
725. I'm American and I'm ashamed to even think idiots like you are a part of society. You don't seem to understand America at all- America is the culmination of all cultures, all races, people from everywhere and every kind- and the success of America is the success of the human species. Your racism is appalling, and I find it hard to even consider you a fellow American if you're so incapable of understanding the fundamentals of American culture and society.
726. I'm sorry, but that's not bigoted and stupid enough. Can you make it 'white men'?
727. Amazing achievement showing what bright minds are able to achieve when they set their sights on a common goal.  It would be fantastic if scientists from around the world can find ways to improve fracking techniques, reduce carbon emissions and help find other solutions to reduce climate change.
728. Michael Madsen should play Adam Steltzner in the movie. He's a dead ringer.
729. NASA has many foreign scientists and engineers, without them, curiosity wouldn't have existed  so it's the success of human species
730. i wish i was as smart as these guys
731. What? Mexico and brazil and chile, canada Panama ect ect helped too? i thought it was just United States...
732. well, USA would have a shit of a space program if Yugoslavia wouldn't sell it to them.
733. ok, which smartass did music for this trailer.. It cannot be more annoying than it is.
734. I want the money to be spent on NASA, just not wasted on a $2.5 billion dollar crater.
735. Gladly I was wrong doubting this landing happening :-) Congratz NASA and Co.
736. It is worth being upset about, because it's the attitude that would never allow something like this to happen in the first place. If all your care about is your money, you are the very thing you claim to hate.  Scepticism and a head stuck in a wallet (I'm sure you would miss those 0.99$ if Curiosity crashed) just isn't the attitude to have towards a project like this.
737. One small step for robot, one giant leap for robot-kind.
738. 12 hours later you still feel so much anger from my prediction that you feel the need to go back and rebuke... seriously?  I am glad it worked, and I predicted wrong, at least the money is not wasted now.
739. Many space vehicles, rovers, probes, and so on, run VxWorks.
740. I just hope we don't get to far... you know, just like in movies that we get to abuse nature and all that..
741. Bet you're proud of that statement now.  This is why we should dare mighty things; because it's the way forward. And guess what. They made it. Fucking text-book landing, in every possible respect, and it was the first time doing something like it.  Would you accomplish that if they gave you 2.5 Billion?  No.
742. Saudações Do Brasil. Parabéns rapaziada!!!!
743. 'This feat is something that only the United States of America can do. And the rover is MADE IN THE USA'  NASA Scientist John Grundsfeld - 6/6/12
744. Pardon the french, but... To all the skeptics and nay-sayers laughing at this video initially, all the arm-chair engineers apparently knowing ahead of time that it wouldn't work because of this or that..... Eat shit, and enjoy this presentation of what ended up totally happening on Mars today.  I kept telling myself the past few days that this HAD to work, if anything to prove the freaking armchair engineer army that they probably shouldn't think themselves smarter than NASA.
745. The video  is so cool so many graphic represention so awsome
746. USA! USA! USA! AAAWWWWW YEEEAAAHHH BABY!
747. It's unbelievable what they already can accomplish with such a small budget, imagine what we could do if countries actually would care more for space programs.
748. the selection of this day among 365 days implies how hard the mission is.
749. Congratulations NASA! You did it!
750. Found any Gold on Mars yet? ;)
751. Did they get Hans Zimmer to score this video? ;)
752. Whaddya know - it worked!
753. Aaand touch down, first photos of a distant WORLD has arrived :) Dare mighty things!
754. It's not where the power is concentrated, but the quality of people who wield it that matters.  What people really have to keep in mind is that the elite lives well even in third world countries, and as long as we espouse to a system that works on social stratification and hierarchies the people who end up in power have little incentive to actually make the lives of everyone else better.
755. I am very surprised in landed safely!
756. Thats some serious lag man!
757. Seems oddly complicated for a landing
758. If our road construction companies tried this it would cost 100x and would explode before countdown.... If anybody than NASA. Congratulations.
759. Not that america really cared about its space program to begin with, their government spending is appalling 1trillion to military, only 17billion to nasa, the rover cost 2.5billion alone. NASA needs better funding to do these kinds of things
760. Ok so I guess the real question I have for you is this; is the solution more government/centralized planning?  Or is it more free markets?
761. That is bloody amazing. Some of the things mankind can do is just insane
762. Damn thayt is some technical shit
763. But there is no such thing as a "capitalist society". A capitalist society ought to value competition, but the emphasis on winning means that people will do their best to rig the system and subvert a fair competition. Claiming that the corruption and inequality we see isn't real capitalism is the same as saying that the Soviet Union was never truly communist - even though it is technically true, the form a philosophy takes in the real world is more important than what it is meant to be.
764. perhaps we could move this to PM?  I fear we are detracting from the video
765. I don't see capitalism as being a race with a winner.  I see it as everyone being able to make the most out of their own accumulated wealth. Wealth represents your own time. abilities, skills, and knowledge based upon how much it benefits others and what they are willing to trade you for it.
766. I will accept your information for the time being until I can check it myself; though for the time being refer to my last two posts where I explain the USA does not represent a capitalist society
767. Capitalism is no no way responsible for equality and liberty, that was rationalism. Capitalism isn't a bad idea, the problem with it is that life is a game that never ends, but capitalism strives to determine a clear winner. That's why it can never last. Unless you build some kind of mechanism into the system that stops competition from being destroyed by overly huge concentrations of wealth and power it eventually destroys itself to reset the board.
768. This is so unbelievably cool.
769. One of the easiest sources would the Human Development Index, which comes in two varieties. The regular HDI which shows an average in the country, in which the US scores extremely high, and then IHDI (inequality adjusted), in which the US scores extremely low. Look at GDP increase compared to median Household income increase as well, it tells a much different story than the average, and more accurately reflects why the US system is failing.
770. We also have members of government meeting with the dominant corporations of any given field when writing the regulations governing that sector.  Thus insuring there will be no upstart competitors and the establishment stays at the top.  This is also central planning not capitalism. Coupled with a bill of rights; capitalism has given humanity the closest thing to true equality and liberty we have ever seen.
771. The bankers of which you speak had their day of reckoning in 2008.  Where in a true capitalist society they would have lost their assets, gone bankrupt, and had venture capitalists and competitors take over the risks and capital.  Instead what we say was central planning; the government bailed them out and leveraged their power to protect them from their mistakes and losses.  This is not capitalism.
772. Half of it is quotes or semibutchered quotes from various speaches/talks during and after the landing.
773. I see what you mean by power and wealth being able to secure more power and wealth. This is not unique to capitalism though; this is the point of armies (the ultimate expression of such) which have existed throughout human history.  And indeed in America today power and wealth used for great leverage.  However I submit to you America is not the representation of capitalism and indeed utilizes much central planning. I realize i have not made a point for capitalism yet but bear with me. Char limit
774. Rereading this post I think I agree on some level.  Give me a moment to explain.
775. Damn thats a good comment
776. Congratulations to all humanity for coming up with this idea and successfully making it come true. We have come a long way since past century.
777. Well as with all things I will remain skeptical until I have the actual data and I will look it up. Is there any chance you can speed my search with sources?
778. Yes yes we agree; but to date I do not see anyone here claiming this to be a national accomplishment.  In fact I mostly see "Congratulations"
779. And that is fine; that is an experience I envy and hope to emulate some day.  As an Australian I doubt anyone would have expected you to have 'fanaticism' for Americans in general.  Though one would expect you to have patriotism for Australia; and also expect you to have an understanding that Americans would be patriotic for America.  America does not have a monopoly on patriotism, nor should we, nor do we expect to.
780. Those figures are pretty easy to find. Just look it up.  Ultimately the point is that in the US inequality is on the rise, and its because capitalism is a system that is always subverted by the fact that once someone has accumulated enough power and wealth they can use power and wealth to maintain their power and wealth, rather than still being subject to the pursuit of excellence.  We need a system where winners don't just stay winners forever, at the cost of real competition.
781. It's the fact that it's not their country's accomplishments, it's an association with very few employees. But thank you, I agree 110%.
782. I've visited NASA. Been on what I'd consider to be an expensive tour. I'm a huge fan of NASA's work, and that's exactly the point you seem to be missing. I'm a fan of NASA, that fanaticism does not extend to the American population.
783. this is a success for the entire human species, not just AMERICA
784. Yes and the point was made before you did not make that post in response to anyone actually saying "We did it". You post was just floating out their by itself
785. The Christian anti science creationists have disliked this...OBVIOUSLY! Losers.
786. Until we look at specific figures for average middle and lower income the point is moot.  Also inflation comes from the treasury department not the private sector.
787. Oh I dunno maybe the fact that you are trying to admonish people for only contributing %1 of their budget to space exploration when you yourself contribute %0? Seems fairly relevant.
788. How is that relevant?
789. Keep in mind people that all this trolling is coming from a person who's space program receives almost 0 government funding.
790. I've made this point before, if you have enough time to dig through the comments. My original comment refers only to patriotism. Only. To. Patriotism.
791. Average income includes the insane growth in income for the ultra wealthy, so its not representative of the average person, and while their income has gone up, inflation is also a thing...
792. NASA's funding is entirely irrelevant, and paying taxes does not put you on the forefront of scientific advancements. I don't think I can make it any simpler. Be proud of those that actually contributed.
793. Actually I am sorry that is not true.  GDP is increasing although at the slowest rates we have ever seen.  However what you say about average income is false, it has increase along with GDP
794. News flash; US GDP is shrinking
795. Taxpayers are only responsible for %47 of the budget because the rest of it is debt that is not being funded by anyone other than the treasury departments printing presses.
796. On the contrary I an hear because of TDarnell and the love I have had of astronomy since a child. Thanks for devolving the discussion to the petty insults that plague most of youtube though.  Also for making assumptions on someone you have never met and only communicated a few hundred words with. The argument that NASA's budget should be increased is a valid one; but that does not detract from the fact that it is still funded by taxpayers.
797. You said it yourself, imagine the things "they'd" be doing if you weren't shafting them on the budget. This isn't your achievement, that's all there is to it.
798. USSR LIFEI!!!
799. NASA's budget is 0.48% of this year's federal budget. Individual tax payers are responsible for roughly 47% of the federal budget. You shouldn't feel proud. These numbers are a depressing reminder that people just don't care about space exploration. Without this video, and it's dramatic lighting and intense music, you wouldn't even be here.
800. What about the united states where the overall GDP keeps going up but the average income of the vast majority of people keeps going down? No devaluing of individualism and liberty there?  Oh wait, there is no such thing as financial liberty, if your life sucks because of money that's just the invisible hand bitchslapping you because you deserve it...
801. Ah, it has been quite a while since I have watched that one.
802. What does a difference between perception and reality have anything to do with it?  The fact remains that %100 of NASA budget comes from taxpayer monies and donations.
803. Not really because those nations have their own way of devaluing human individualism and liberty.  By your own admission none of the nations of which you speak could be considered capitalist.
804. I won't bother explaining, I'll simply leave you with something to educate yourself with. Wiki /Budget_of_NASA#Public_perception
805. There are tons of countries that are exploited for cheap labor that don't have a communist government. It's a moot argument.
806. Thank you and we love the Romanians. We are only the 'best' because we are everyone else; and the 'best' from around the world bring what they can offer to our shores :)
807. Of course.  But you were very specifically referring to the Apple factories in China now weren't you.......
808. You do realize that the entire world is not a dichotomy between capitalism and communism right?
809. Actually you realize that slave labor you speak of exists in the world communism built right?
810. Im romanian and i love american people  They are the best in the world
811. *paid*
812. You do realize that iPhones are basically assembled by slave labor right? That's the world that capitalism helped build.
813. Man, i was sooooo nervous while landing!!! i watched it in live show!
814. The sky is NO limit!
815. Congratts to the entire team in all 7 countries who contributed to this amazing mission.  You are all rock stars in my mind.  Tomorrow when you wake up...push your chests out in pride.  You deserve much more than a pat on the back, but please accept my humble THANK-YOU.  "DARE MIGHTY THINGS"
816. "A world where both the rich and the poor all own iPhone 4s" This is the world that capitalism helped build. /watch?v=4QTfNEDgusQ
817. AMERICAAAAA  FUCK YEAH
818. The people and teams who made that happen do not disappear off the face of the Earth! They keep doing new stuff!
819. Point taken.  Though in my personal opinion; in appropriate amounts pride is no vice.  Virtually every nation/culture on this earth has contributed something to our collective wisdom; why not feel patriotic?  Of course it can be taken to the extreme(where it is demeaning to others); but that does not mean it necessarily needs to or always does.
820. Cool story bro.  Can you tell me one about unicorns or the NWO next?  Banks grant loans to industrialists and entrepreneurs; who in turn build factories and offices; which in turn employ people; who in turn produce goods and services; which in turn enriches the masses; who in turn put those riches into banks to be invested and saved. Capital is not a zero sum game.
821. No assumptions were made, and my comment is directed at the patriotic.
822. Aye aye, this is a human achievement that should be celebrated by all.
823. Also why do you assume whoever you were referring to was using the collective 'we' to refer to Americans and not Humanity? Quit trolling history with your cynicism.
824. I don't know why but there are tears in my eyes right not! People are freaking amazing!
825. Yes, those things were all built by bankers, who waved their magic banker wand to make them, and also jobs...    But people were not happy with the bankers and said "Why do you get billions of dollars and we don't", so the bankers got angry and punished the arrogant people by no longer making jobs, so they would learn their rightful place in the world...
826. Keep this thought in mind while you watch the Australian Olympic team on tv
827. What makes you think that American's "payed" for it? Your tax dollars are being funneled into the defense sector. NASA gets comparatively nothing.
828. :) When I first learned of it I was intrigued as well.  Such an interesting method of descent.  As far as practical applications; we have actually been using 'sky crane' helicopters for years, this is just the first time it has been applied (to my knowledge) on a space mission.
829. 117 people, so far, are close-minded folks who have no ability to imagine mighty things. It's the "failure of imagination" that is leading America to lose its competitive edge. It is the sad attitude of those who cut funding in science, technology, and education, while leading us to wars, protecting the interests of big oil, big banks, and giving themselves huge tax cuts at the expense of the middle class. Those are the people who canceled the Apollo program, three missions before it was due.
830. Congratulations on the landing! Those 7 minutes were really tough on my nerves.. during the sky-crane maneuver i nearly passed out =)
831. Oh good grief; apart from elite politicians and hollywood types they do very much contribute.  Without that industrialism of these 'elites' NASA would have no resources to draw from. They gave us steel, aluminum, vacuum tubes, silicon chips, personal computers, super computers, etc etc.
832. oh. alrighty. sorry. I know it can be a waste of technology, sure. I don't really mind what people think about the tech, what people should understand though is this is where we're going to be. I just don't want to lose that kind of vision. I'm sorry.
833. Now imagine we'd spend as much money on doing stuff like this as we do on appeasing greedy elites that contribute nothing to the advancement of humankind.
834. GO NASA!! WOOOT!!
835. Life, for ever dying to be born afresh, for ever young and eager, will presently stand upon this earth as upon a footstool, and stretch out its realm amidst the stars.  — H. G. Wells, The Outline of History, 1920.
836. inb4 First Contact Wars
837. Instead of my tax money going to defense sector I want NASA to have it. America NASA needs your money for this not war
838. Never mind. Just be happy.
839. jaw dropping!
840. DARE MIGHTY THINGS
841. No, NASA successfully landed an SUV-sized nuclear rover with an untested skycrane system on Mars. The rest of us successfully watched a live feed of the scientific community's accomplishments. I'm proud of NASA, not proud of the majority that claim superiority for living on the same land mass.
842. WE DARED.
843. We just SUCCESSFULLY landed an SUV-sized nuclear rover with an UNTESTED Skycrane system, and you're not proud? Can't you just be proud of the ingenuity of humanity?
844. I think you spilled your cynicism everywhere.
845. Congragulations!
846. Not at all. NASA doesn't even receive a respectable amount of tax payer money. I'm truly amazed at this program's ingenuity, and that in no way inspires pride in me.
847. فوتشوب واضحة
848. Absolutely amazing.  Congratulations NASA!
849. this is more exciting than watching transformers and avatar !!!!
850. lol right.
851. Congratulations!!! Great news for a change!!! ٩(-̮̮̃-̃)۶
852. Seven minutes of terror indeed O.O I think I lost three nails waiting. Can't wait to see what we find out in the coming months!
853. Man my face has a cramp on both sides from grinning so much.  That was awesome to watch the live feed from the control room at JPL.  GREAT JOB ALL to everyone was was involved.  And remember what that guy said from the live feed:  Tomorrow when you all wake up, thrust your chests out in pride because we did it!  :)
854. Thank god it landed.  I was worried when NASA was spelling code as COD3.
855. soundtrack name plz....!!
856. Woohooo!
857. uhhhh what?
858. Congrats Curiosity.
859. I love patriotism. American's claiming "We did it", as though they've contributed in the slightest. There's no "We did it". You're not a member of this program. You didn't do anything in terms of making sure this rover lands safely.
860. Now I need a full documentary about the whole development, launch and landing of curiosity. Hosted by Neil DeGrasse Tyson. GO.
861. NERDS RULE!
862. 100 years ago we were just getting our cars off of Henry Ford's assembly line. Now we're landing cars on other planets. The miracle of technology.
863. NASA and JPL nailed that one! Text book perfection.
864. they made it, touch down!
865. Textbook.
866. this video is sweet....but does anyone know what kim kardashian did last night?
867. SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!  Curiosity:NASA ARE WE IN SPACE? Nasa: Yes, Now we are a family again!
868. Manly tears have been shed. Manly hugs have been had.
869. This is a great time to be alive!
870. he probably meant successfully, as in still operation after landing and not a smoldering pile of metal
871. Was cheering and clapping right along with them on the webcast right when they announced "Curiosity is SAFE ON MARS!!", all the engineers must feel so good to know that their eight years of work is safe and functional, congrats NASA!
872. Sveikiname Žemę davus žinią Marsui !!!
873. Big bang theory moment. Bazingaa.
874. Amazing, truly amazing and inspiring. Congratulations NASA, go Curiosity!
875. Great Job JPL/NASA. These guys are the REAL DEAL. All science no magic!
876. Science Adviser John Holdren said just a few minutes ago that we (America) was the only country to land an object on another planet! He has obviously never heard the Russian Venera projects that landed Venera 7 on the surface of Venus. The Russians (as usual) were the first to land an object on another planet. John Holdren needs to educate himself.
877. Great landing NASA and JPL!  That was epic!
878. Off Topic: I live in Texas. It's not so great. It kinda sucks here, to be honest. Off Topic #2: Ponies led me here! On Topic: I've always liked the idea of someday living on Mars. This landing means I'm one step closer to living that dream!
879. ... Are you stupid?
880. Congratulations to NASA and JPL
881. Great question to ask. Why DO you care to mention snooki when this is going down?
882. Truly--this is a monumental achievement for our country and the world! Lives of Style is all about the best-of-the-best around the globe. We will expand our coverage now to give major kudos to NASA and Curiosity! A milestone that will go down in history!!! Way to go! We are so proud of this major achievement!
883. Congrats NASA!
884. BOOYAH!!!!! What an amazing accomplishment!
885. Congrats NASA on a successful mission!!!
886. so many things could've gone wrong - amazing job, NASA!
887. aannd back to bed!
888. Indubitably, good sir! Quite the achievement.
889. And down!!  Go Curiosity!
890. I know you're joking but an ethernet cable could only send information at the speed of light too :p, not any faster than radio.
891. She's on the ground and in one piece!
892. Your tax dollars at work!  Take that, Tea Partiers!
893. aannd back to work.
894. So proud of our space program, so proud of our country, so proud of Curiosity!!! Way to go guys you f-ing did it!!!
895. That means that Curiosity takes the photo 5 minutes after it landed. Right!
896. All I have to say is....phew! With today's current political environment, curiosity crashing would have possibly meant the end of the US space program's funding by next year..
897. She made it :)!
898. IT WORKED!!! CURIOSITY IS ON THE GROUND!! PICTURES HAVE COME IN. EVERYTHING NOMINAL. FUCK YOU HATERS, SCIENCE IS FUCKING COOL.
899. Oh yes, my mistake. I wasn´t considering that. v
900. WHOOOOOT Nasa still got it baby! Pulling this off amazing!!!
901. Not yet, it's got science to do!
902. HELL YEAH!!!! IT LANDED SAFELY!!!!!
903. Congratulations for all involved.
904. CURIOSITY LANDED SAFELY, MARS MISSION SUCCESSFUL.
905. It's not 5 minutes from the landing, it's 5 minutes from the confirmation that it landed. They celebrated AFTER the 14 minutes after it landed.
906. That was the best landing I have ever watched.  The images are great, too!  Congratulations to everyone who worked on this and made it a success!
907. SUCCESS!!!!!
908. Man, I was biting my nails, and I had just started following 17 minutes prior, but these guys have been waiting over a year for touchdown.  These guys have nerves of steel.  Congratulations NASA.
909. IT'S SAAAFE
910. If a signal takes 14 minutes travelling from mars to earth why in the minute 5 from the landing the first image appear in the NASA streaming? Werid, uh?
911. Obvious troll is obvious. But at least your grammar has improved since 40 minutes ago.
912. We've landed!
913. MISSION COMPLETE BITCHEZ
914. IT HAS LANDED !!
915. SHE DOWN SAFLY
916. THE ROVER HAS LANDING ON MARS!
917. PROUD TO BE A HUMAN RIGHT NOW
918. She landed and she's already taking pictures!
919. GET UP MARS!
920. I FUCKING SQUEALED WHEN IT TOUCHED DOWN! FUCKING SPACE, MAN!
921. It landed YaY
922. nice
923. We did it! :D
924. Wow that's all happening while I type this. Pretty cool
925. It worked!!!!! WTFOMG!!!!!!!!!
926. It made it!
927. SHE MADE IT!!!
928. And the Curiosity has landed!
929. WOW this is so incredible!
930. FUCK YEAH. I stopped breathing for like 5 minutes just now.
931. I wonder the same things. I almost want to cry when I turn on the news and there's no mention of this rover, meanwhile there's useless Snooki stuff all over the place.
932. I hope it makes it :D
933. Landing time, just - NOW!!! Thumbs up when you know it survived!
934. mad
935. SHE'S IN THE ATMOSPHERE
936. I'm watching live! :D
937. Wait, if there's such a huge problem with waiting 7 minutes for the signal to reach Earth... why not just use an ethernet cable? Did anybody even THINK of this?
938. 2 minutes...
939. Like if you're excited right now.
940. 5 minutes to entry...
941. omg....10:20
942. im actually more worried about the mass shooting's happening left and right. but i guess i can find a couple of seconds to care about something i cant even see or truly know exists
943. im a fetus and i agree
944. Alright this is actually getting pretty intense. Travelling at 11,000km/h and the target is 3,000km away.
945. 2 minutes until ruise stage separation .
946. What an idiotic, ironic comment.
947. People dislike this?  Really???
948. Don’t let Curiosity near my cat.
949. Somebody give me peanuts right now!!!
950. That is fucking retarded comment. Switzerland is prosperous largely due to the non conventional operations of the Swiss bank(being criminals number ones choice for deposit since forever) as well as simulating tax heavens. None the less just like every other tax haven they also have universal healthcare. In fact I think the US is the only 1st world country to not have Universal Healthcare. Has worked out great so far...  I hope you notice the sarcasm.
951. grammar doesnt make u smart idiot. and why are they sending a spaceship to mars if theirs no people on it? thats just stupid
952. "In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had five hundred years of democracy and peace – and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock." -- Orson Welles (1919-85)
953. In layman's terms, Mankind is a persistent motherfucker.
954. your a idiot. were just going to end up crashing and killing the poor pilots who volunteered
955. one bug in the code and its GAME Over .... :p
956. Space Exploration and discovery is so intriguing. So complicated and endless yet you learn so much. I believe we have what it takes to nail this mission. It all depends on if we made the right moves now that the Rover is on its own course into Mars atmosphere. (This coming from the mind of a 16 year old) THUMBS IF YOU ARE WATCHING THE LIVE STREAM!
957. This rover is far larger than the old ones, it wouldn't work.
958. Only a society based on capitalism and free markets can produce enough of a surplus to accomplish feats such as a mars rover landing. Switzerland is the freest and most market oriented country in Europe, and it is not a coincidence that it enjoys the highest standard of living.
959. Actually there are serious problems with the single payer system we have, waiting times are through the roof, and people with the means queue jump by getting care in the US. Your supposedly "socialist" European countries typically have a two tier system with private clinics. Without American investment in health care technology there is no way the rest of the world could provide care at as low a cost.
960. The "people" who care about such trite in your comment are proof that light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak. (or in this case, type). Hopefully, they are not the majority here!
961. Best reply I've seen to a racist comment on youtube.
962. Seems like too many things have to go just right for this to work. I'm not saying it's impossible, I'm just saying, I'm not very optimistic.
963. Panda face at 1:48
964. Only 71 more minutes :D
965. haha hope he doesnt fly the thing into another trade center LOL
966. lol yeh hha thatd be funny as fuk sientists are stupid when it comes to this shit
967. a lander within a lander, the music fits
968. anyone else think of Inception?
969. That's Chernobyl.
970. It lands in 2 hours. The world is waiting for the next 7 hours for the transmission of success.
971. GO GET EM' NASA! Good luck tonight!
972. aka we ether land the best testing devise on a nother planet or we nuke the planet
973. if this dose n ot work we make a chrenoble on mars ether way it is awsome
974. Yeah, just like after the failed landings of the 90s. It's a learning experience, and we did great with Spirit and Opportunity.
975. Sheeyt Science, You Crazy!
976. These are the people that should be making video games.
977. Man flung himself and his machines into the sky, and kept at it until they perfected it. Nasa scientist, and truly, all science folk, I thank you for acknowledging yourselves as members of the Human race and giving me a reason to be proud of Humanity.
978. I've been watching NASA TV on and off for the past three days. I memorized the schedule. Coverage begins at 11:30 pm Eastern Time.
979. Live Coverage in One Hour on the NASA TV in HD on UStream  Thumbs so people can see.
980. Let's go curiosity!
981. go go Curiosity
982. Good Luck guys!
983. Good luck tonight!
984. I just saw like 5 comments attacking liberals. Conservatives just have to turn everything into a political issue, whether it be chick fil-a, the shootings that happened in Wisconsin today, or NASA. (Don't worry, I have similar critique for liberals. Replace "political issue" with "race issue")  Be proud that our country is doing something great. You don't see China doing this, or Russia, Iran, or Pakistan doing this. The world is looking at us as the nation with the world's best technology.
985. Your ability to look up to a failing system like the EU is impressive. NASA uses a mix of metric and customary, they decided not to fully covert in 2009, look it up. Hell in Canada and we mostly use imperial units for design, even though we supposedly converted in the 70s. There's nothing wrong with SI, it's very well suited to scientific work, but putting aside all legacy reasons, inches and lbs are simply more natural units to think in. And I say that as someone who uses both.
986. boy, are the martians going to surprised when they see this. all jokes aside, this is AMAZING planning to land something 154 million miles away.
987. Thank God for plan B!
988. Shouldn't go you be going on about how NASA is diverting money from your precious social welfare programs?
989. Hope will succed the mission
990. I believe you replied to me by mistake.
991. Howard Walowitz designed the landing gear.
992. 1. Medical technology comes from engineers. even your medicine comes from engineers. all medical scientist do is identify a promising drug. then the engineers take over from there, to get the capsule in your mouth.  2. I'm not saying there's anything not valid with your statement, I just isn't very useful. I can claim credit for every human achievement as collective achievement of humanity. but that would be very useful would it when I had no contribution to whatever that achievement was.
993. When did politics come into this?  This is the discussion of science.  This has a completely different payload compared to the other rovers.  Don't you think that would warrant a different style of landing?  Do you take a Porche mudding, or is that better suited for a Jeep?
994. For 111 dislikes till my comment, do you have a better plan rather than this one !!!!! or it just pressing dislike to be different damn you people
995. Amazing ... War of The Worlds, 2012! ♥
996. When the day comes that we will need a "ridiculously complicated" landing sequence, we will have it, or have developed a technology that deals with the various stages of this kind of landing sequence based off of work done here. The more we push forward into uncharted territory with untested techniques using a hybrid of today's tech with developing future tech, it's going to cost us money.  It's money well spent, because all of the above will make it into everyday society in one form or another.
997. when is this in pacific time? and how do you watch it?
998. It's all well and good to spend money on "the future of mankind", but it is hard to justify blowing $2.5 billion to make a crater because the landing sequence was ridiculously complicated.
999. Liberal social studies morons will barely ever see much less use an engineering unit. Why get their underwear in a bunch over this? Progressives just hate the sound of an engineer using traditional units, it's aesthetically upsetting for them.
1000. Oh this will work...
1001. Because everything that humanity has ever done was a success the first time, and anything that was a failure the first time was abandoned, right?  Is this the fate of the rest of humanity; to be 5 minute attention spanned, "better work the first time or it's not worth doing ever" type of people?  $2.5 billion doing something positive beats $3.9 trillion doing the same old thing going nowhere.  A lot of people cry for that penny out of every dollar spent. Where's the argument for the $0.99?
1002. I was replying to the "backwards Americans" comment
1003. LAAAAAAAAG
1004. I was replying to the "backwards Americans" comment
1005. Point taken...Thanks I hope it doesnt get itself bogged down in that loose soil. It probably has more torque though than the old model...lol
1006. I don't think it has anything to do with it. Although wrong conversion between systems (by humans) has caused accidents (including plane crashes AND mars landing failures!), and will cause more accidents in the future. With the right budget and brains you should do good things (the Japanese use kph and m, but they still are the only one to have managed to collect a sample from a near Earth asteroid with their Hayabusa probe)
1007. this is crazy!! I hope it makes it!
1008. Oh and the reason NASA still uses imperial units isn't because of some massive conservative conspiracy but because it would cost too much to convert their entire knowledgebase. Silly progressive.
1009. It's only possible if it is a success =/
1010. Individual liberty, free markets, limited government and traditional morality are "politically-reactionary" concepts are they? You sound more like a "social engineer", and may I say a Jacobin "revolutionary" than anything.
1011. NASA could have just sent me that $2.5 billion and done more good, this thing is going to be a smoking crater on Mars.
1012. For NASA, JPL and all of those engineer's sake, I sure hope the landing tonight is a success.  Because the way they've hyped this event, with the feel that this is a movie production with trailer and all, it sure would be embarrassing to crash this $2.5 billion rover on Mars' surface.
1013. tick tock!
1014. Countries where ordinary citizens use mph & feet - 3 successful Mars rovers  Countries where ordinary citizens use kph & m - 0 successful Mars rovers
1015. Haha, good one!
1016. usain bolt sets an olympic record while blowing out the field. now this. take note people--nothing is impossible. with the right attitude, vision, and discipline, you can ACHIEVE. the human mind and body know no limits.
1017. You caught me poor grammar and all, how clever of you.
1018. Are you joking?
1019. troll...
1020. Because this rover is larger than the previous one by a large factor, balloons apparently wouldn't cut the mustard.
1021. i can't the government is wasting MY money no a mission to the moon.they should be giving me more welfare i can barely afford my internet i need new hummer but i cant buy it now because MY CASH is on the moonn1!
1022. I felt like I was watching a Nolan movie. That was awesome!
1023. i dont like this either, using non-Si units like PSI for pressure is just wrong
1024. I find this really cool and interesting.
1025. o man... this is way cooler than any rising of the Batman
1026. red rover red rover, send the live webstream right over!
1027. for the last fucking time they are not scientist.
1028. the key word here is 'study'. without engineers, the only high speed particle collisions physicist will be analyzing at LHC would be two rocks colliding at about 2m/s.
1029. 1. are you kidding me? the health industry is heavily subsidized by the government taxes. lets face it sick people don't produce money. if anything the engineers are subsidizing the doctors. And where does 'medical technology' come from? doctors? lol  2. In the same way will you claim credit for a Olympic gold medalist because you are human?
1030. In the movie version of this, Adam Steltzner will be played by Michael Madsen.
1031. godspeed
1032. Scientists talking in miles per hour. I feel bit uncomfortable now.
1033. I would say that "we" have the medical technology to save "ourselves" again, talking in macro terms not micro. "We" represents the human race as a whole.
1034. Because this rover is much to heavy to use airbags
1035. The Entry, Decent and Landing systems were co-designed and engineered by a guy who looks like Mr. Blonde from "Reservoir Dogs".  "Alright, I'll build this thing for ya, but it's gonna be TERRIFYING."
1036. its not just a Poland thing i live in England, and most of the people that i know have no idea that the curiosity probe even existed let alone when it was goign to land
1037. Ver weighs a ton...
1038. Balloons or to be more exact Air bags wont work this  time, this  Ro
1039. Why dont they use the balloons in landing like before ? They know that it works...
1040. This shit is amazing. If all of this works we are literally living in the sci fi future
1041. If this were a movie trailer, I'd laugh at it for being too unbelievable.
1042. If it was any different, it would be too easy.  Nasa and JPL don't like it that way.
1043. off course engineers don't work for free. doctors get paid by taxes as well, if a doctor saves someone's life you wouldn't call for partial credit because you pay taxes, would you?
1044. Mindblowing
1045. Cracked?
1046. 60+ likes..Whoa.. Didn't think I was that good.. :D
1047. That is one HELL of a process! Forget the Olympics! This is the moment the world should be anticipating for.
1048. Let's do this! To infinity and beyond.
1049. The correct UK landing time is 05:31. The UK is currently seven hours ahead of Pacific Daylight Time (Where MSL mission control is located.)
1050. What exactly do 108 ppl manage to dislike in an informative video? -Unless they dislike the lack of brain power to understand what's being explained...
1051. This is magic!
1052. Good luck Nasa... great day for mankind!!!
1053. Sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of Curiosity landing today.
1054. Is there really such a huge disconnect between scientists and engineers, that it becomes necessary to make that minuscule distinction; we, ALL OF US, go back to Mars tonight (greetings from nyc). All that matters is that 1) we might make the most important discovery about extraterrestrial life within the next year, and 2) we get one step closer to physically walking on another planet.
1055. All I can say you have to have some big brass ones to come up with this plan!!! Way to go NASA.
1056. I had no idea how f***ing cool this mission is. Safe landings!
1057. Granted it was engineers who built the rover. But you can't say it has nothing to do with science and then say it stands on the shoulders of science. It makes no sense.   I get where you're coming from but it was really badly phrased.
1058. This is fucking awesome.
1059. Wow, you're an idiot. If Engineering is built on scientific foundations, then logically anything that has to do with engineering has to do with science.
1060. It's really more Einstein's Rover at that point.
1061. Our first quantum vehicle - Dead AND Alive!
1062. Great challenge.!
1063. Inception music?
1064. "When we first get word that we've touched the top of the atmosphere, the vehicle has been alive or dead on the surface for at least seven minutes." It's Schrödinger's Rover !
1065. 49:20:62:65:74:20:79:6f:75:20:61:72:65:20:73:74:69:6c:6c:20:61:20:63:75:6e:74
1066. You're an idiot... one more scientifically ignorant citizen who has no idea the benefits and technologies that mankind has already reaped from the space program.  Exploring Mars to discover if life once existed there is one of the most important things humans can do, and there will be other planets and moons that we explore for the same purpose.  ALSO you should google terraforming, because there ARE ways to make a planet inhabitable for human life.
1067. You're a one man show of genius eh?  Maybe you should name your organization NADA.
1068. When did I personally claim credit for any of this? Also, there are no miracles taking place. Miracles are things that by definition cannot happen naturally. This is a massive technological achievement and represents a huge step for all of mankind, not just for the engineers and scientists behind it. This mission will dictate the success of any future expeditions to Mars. Rovers, satellites, and even manned missions. If you can't see how this will benefit all of us, you're incredibly dense.
1069. Good luck curiosity. Anxious times ahead!
1070. Go Curiosity!
1071. Than the vehicle has to work....
1072. *Claps*
1073. 0:05 It doesn't look crazy...it looks beautiful. 1:06 It's not 7 minutes of terror...it's 7 minutes of excitement.
1074. Actually if he is a citizen of the united states, he pays taxes, these taxes fund the engineers and the programs / the materials required for these programs, and thus he can take partial credit for it. But in reality when he says "we" he is talking about the human race, in which we are all a part of.
1075. It is a stepping stone for a much larger long term plan for the future, the transformation, mining, and colonization of mars itself.  Satellites were created through space programs similar to this and they seem to be pretty useful in every day life. Maybe in 1000 years, 10billion people will call Mars their home, I would say that it is worth it to them for us to learn how to get there.
1076. BARSOOM!
1077. INCEPTION
1078. The guy at 3:00 has this weird twitching O.o
1079. Ok, then, why don't you start, and sell your PC and donate that money? You don't do anything usefull on it anyway.  And this space program you are calling "waste of money" has bring you in past, most of stuff that you use on daily basis; one of them is your computer or mobile, witch all have their origins in some space program.
1080. Nothing could possible go wrong.  This lander is going to be the most expensive crater on the face of Mars.
1081. GODSPEED HUMANITY!
1082. By your reasoning almost all if not all scientific endeavors would be a waste of time. History is full of examples where pure scientific endeavors have led to life and death solutions on a later date. The search for knowledge is never a waste of time, without it modern life would not be possible.You are oversimplifying a very complex argument.
1083. Have you any idea how many everyday-use inventions came from space research?
1084. The day we stop exploring is the day we commit ourselves to live in a stagnant world, devoid of curiosity, empty of dreams.  ----------  Neil deGrasse Tyson
1085. Dare Mighty Things indeed :] Today's the day, good luck NASA/JPL!!   GO CURIOSITY!!!!
1086. and its not science, this has nothing to do with science. there is a big difference between science and engineering. I do not mean to suggest that engineering can do without science, on the contrary, it stands on scientific foundations, but there is a big gap between scientific research and the engineering product which has to be bridged by the art of the engineer.
1087. ENGINEERS CAN YOU CANT! you cant sit here on your ass and claim miracles occurred and for such reason, we now have amazing capabilities. you cant do anything, its NOT humanity, its ENGINEERS!! YOU CANT HONESTLY SIT ON YOUR ASS AND TAKE CREDIT FOR IT, FOR JUST BEING HUMAN, with ZERO KNOWLEDGE OF ENGINEERING!!
1088. This is a heroic feat of the universe itself.  We are all stardust.  Thank you so much for not putting an ad at the beginning of this video.
1089. And you know for a fact that nothing is on Mars? You know that there's not little purple ants underground that are super intelligent and peaceful? I doubt there is, but how would we ever know if we don't look? If we just did nothing, then we, the human race, would most likely be EXTINCT right now!
1090. talk about taking someone's comments out of context...yea, I said "all" scientific is a waste of resources, NOT!!!  Let's be clear for all you "scientific" types, spending billions of dollars on a "fools errand" trip to Mars is a colossal waste.  We will never inhabit Mars nor will we ever gain any measurable benefit from having tried to get there...last time I checked we have a beautifully perfect home right here...
1091. 105 peoples minds are dead.
1092. you know what? you're right. Let's start focusing on our actual problems instead of wasting resources on art and scientific discovery.   I'll start a petition to demolish the eiffel tower and use the metal for practical purposes.
1093. Schroedinger's Rover? For 7 minutes, it will be both alive and dead.
1094. I hear Daft Punk
1095. okay, let me know when you start being able to breathe straight CO2 and withstand temperatures of -125F to 23F and can eat iron rich dirt...LOL
1096. It's not a waste! That's like saying early explorers could've been doing something more productive than sailing around the world and discovering things. If this landing works, it has major implications on what the next phase of exploration is going to be. If it doesn't, the technology developed to try this will be valuable going forward anyhow. Go NASA!
1097. Oh man, this does look crazy! Hope it works.
1098. Good luck out there buddy, you're gonna need it!
1099. I think he was just joking dude. Calm down, lol.
1100. hey to each his own ~ good luck with all the "colony" stuff...LOL
1101. The fact that this is even about to happen is mind blowing. We have the technology and the know-how to coordinate the landing of a car-sized payload on the surface of a planet over 30 million miles away. Even if something goes wrong, the fact remains that we CAN do it. It's within our reach. Decades ago, this kind of thing would have been labeled as science fiction. Today, it's science REALITY! That is beyond awesome.
1102. No.  Terror is to waste our time reading your problems with your ex while something much more significant for the greater good of mankind is happening tomorrow-- The touchdown of the Mars Rover Curiosity.  Gods speed Curiosity.  Happy landings! Talk to us back here ASAP.   USA!!,USA!!!
1103. I can't wait! :D (The music is a little bit too loud)
1104. Seven Minutes of Terror Directed By Michael Bay  Coming soon to a theaters near you
1105. Wrong, read up on Science and learn a few things.  The "Real" problem with Earth is it is a little shitty pebble floating in space, and all it takes is one catastrophic event to kill off humanity.  The Moon and Mars need to be colonized if we wish to get past having wars over a few hundred square kilometers and some tiny ammount of resources, and become an advanced spacefaring species.  And if you haven't realized: leather shoes, that's animal skin, it's pretty useful shit.
1106. I bet they payed them, people can use music.
1107. Did anyone else notice they pretty much jacked the music from Inception AND the chord progression from Alex Clare's "Too Close"?
1108. Our problems here on Earth will never cease. Call it a never ending loop. So I don't see how 20 billion$ for space exploration is a "waste of money". Call it "growth of knowledge". That's the whole point of going anywhere. If you go nowhere you learn nothing. Knowledge is never a waste. It's worth investing in.
1109. No argumentation, nothing :')
1110. you obviously have little or no knowledge or understanding science...
1111. You don't see benefit, others might see differently. Fact is that space has given humanity a lot in return. Ever heard of velcro? Anyhow, how do you know that it could never be inhabitated and that we can't benefit from it?
1112. Really?...just because I don't agree that going to Mars is a good idea.  We have "real" problems here on Earth, so I don't see how wasting money on going to a planet that we could never inhabit or benefit from visiting is a good endeavor...and I'm the one wearing animal skins & holding a club...
1113. This awesome marketing, in some way, was done at the expense of awesome research, no?
1114. According to politics, politics.
1115. According to Sarah Palin, Mars is made of chocolate and almonds.
1116. NASA has sent two (well... 3, if you count the mini-rover, Sojourner) rovers to Mars.  The twin solar powered Mars Exploration Rovers, 'Spirit' and 'Opportunity' arrived on January of 2004.  They were designed to function for at least 90 Sols (i.e. Martian Days) but surpassed that manifold.  The rover Opportunity is still functional, 2942 Sols (as of today) past its 'warranty.'  Its twin, Spirit, succumbed to the Martian winter some time after March of 2010.
1117. The only way this could be more exciting is if the landing stage exploded in a huge fireball when it was a safe distance away from the rover.  You know, because Hollywood.
1118. Linux is actually good for mobile phones. I use Android, which is very good and very open. I love installing custom ROMs. As a PC OS though, it's terrible. Most of the programs I use on Windows exist in a half-assed version on Linux. I can barely do anything productive on there. I can't even get Wine to install. I don't know how you people use such a stupidly complicated OS like Linux. Another thing I hate about Linux: White-knight Linux fanboys. They're the worst.
1119. 106 people never dared to dream.
1120. Science! Oh, and engineering. Lots of engineering. And math.
1121. Oh, you're so clever. Of course they use their own proprietary OS. All they need are the critical functions to operate the rover. Hey, did you know Linux really isn't used on that many computers? I bet you still feel so special.
1122. 105 people crash-landed on Mars.
1123. Maybe so people get more interested, to spread the knowledge and maybe, get more support, recruit more geniuses... who knows... Why does it bothers you? Does it loses it's trueness?
1124. Incredible! Impressive! Good luck!
1125. ps - Those computers must rock to do all that. I bet they use linux or some proprietary system of theirs. Can't imagine a blue screen of death or virus at the critical moment and Bill Gates or the late Steve Jobs being called-in to account for the error!
1126. Thanks. It's the time difference! Good job I don't work for NASA otherwise they wouldn't be able to hit a cow's arse with a banjo, never mind accomplish this epic adventure.
1127. So cool, don't know how they did that
1128. My Honda manual -specifically- states 'Warranty will be null and void if vehicle is operated on Mars' - so there ya go!
1129. Yes, Americans are experts in pathos. But no matter, they are well done, fingers crossed for Curiosity. But we also can not keep up.
1130. Да, американцы знают толк в пафосе. Но не важно, они молодцы, скрещу пальцы за  Curiosity. Но нам тоже нельзя отставать.
1131. The rover is the size of a car. You tell me if it's a good idea bouncing a car across the surface of an unknown planet.
1132. Uh, you missed the flight, sorry. About 8 months late, actually. The "airport" was the Kennedy Space Center, and the launch vehicle wasn't a plane but a massive rocket called the Atlas V, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Launch Complex 41. It's been traveling 8 months to get to the Red Planet since November 26, 2011.
1133. 7 minutes of Engineering test !
1134. Hope to watch it...
1135. 5th August East cost USA time. There is a count down timer on nasa website/mars
1136. Why is that one dude talking that way?
1137. Godspeed you! Curiosity.
1138. i dont remember much but that is actually one thing i remember from a physics class.  but ofcourse this also sort is advertisement.
1139. I spent 7 minutes with my ex last night getting my shit out of her apartment...now that was terror!
1140. Ah, I see. Thanks for the information, Matt. I'm excited to see what we learn from this new rover.
1141. What do you mean "Zero Margin for Error"?  There is always constraint on allowable error.  The old saying for flight hardware is "how many nines do you want?" 90%,99%, 99.9%, 99.99%, etc...  I guess "Zero" is more dramatic!  Good Luck and Godspeed.
1142. by the way, has the date and time changed? The video says 5th August but the press here in th UK are saying 6 August British time... Don't want to wake up and find that I've missed it!
1143. Watching this makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end! Epic! Go guys!
1144. @SnowmanTF2 ahhhhhhh!!!!! thanks for clearing that up. is the extra weight for traction or other equipment?
1145. We've already sent rovers down on Mars. In fact, Opportunity is still operating there. But MSL Curiosity is in a different heavier weight class, requiring a newer entry, descent, and landing system that the lighter rovers have never used.
1146. I thought we had already sent rovers to Mars. Is this actually the first time we'll get to do it?
1147. The new rover is just over 2.7 times heavier than the previous rovers we sent, so the crash into the surface with airbags was not going to cut it this time.
1148. Didnt we already use 2 systems/methods of getting the rovers to mars already? Why try a new design? Let me guess this is cheaper? If so, if this doesnt work whats the loss compared to the previous design? Well I just hope it works.
1149. Bruv...this aint Star Wars, it's real life.
1150. May the force be with you!
1151. Sci-fi isn't fiction anymore
1152. Video should be renamed 'Mission Impossible V trailer'
1153. Absolutely amazing :D
1154. The music in this video is chilling. You guys should release an mp3 download of it.
1155. once they photoshop out the alien cities and such...
1156. You don't have to. They do.
1157. Be ironic if the rover landed on a cat-like alien....
1158. and then a giant robot picks it up: em that is curious...
1159. Why is there "don't like"... What people don't like... Don't understand...
1160. I know I may be a somewhat random comment, but the song used here is a an edited version of "The Calling" by Zack Hemsey - hence why it sounds like Zimmer/Inception..
1161. It contains 500,000 lines of Call Of Duty 3?  Yeah ok that was lame, shoot me now.
1162. this is the new door to the future, and the human civilization.
1163. THIS is why I believe in God, ironically. The fact that these people are content with their lives, they're not celebrities, I bet none of us recognized ONE of those scientists/engineers, and yet they're so incredibly gifted they can calculate their way to Mars. They know they still won't beat Robert Pattinson's breakup in fame, but they don't care, they know that their gifts are going towards the human race. THAT'S a miracle.
1164. Science!
1165. "The parachute is the largest and strongest supersonic parachute ever built to date. It has to withstand 65,000 pounds of force, despite weighing only 100 pounds."  Holy crap.  NASA is amazing
1166. I was watching the livestream from JPL today.  There are cameras that will take color photographs during EDL.  They will probably be available for public viewing a few days after the landing
1167. Well, it says in the beginning of this movie it is 500,000 lines of COD3.  If you are asking if the source is downloadable, I would highly doubt that.
1168. this is bullshit
1169. I doubt if there'll be a show.  Who's going to film it?  That begs the question, though, I wonder what kind of on-board descent footage they will be able to download once it lands.
1170. No, they're just saying that for our ears.
1171. We use both Standard and Metric in the US. You must be new here.
1172. What makes you think they're not using metric?  They're describing it to backwards Americans in mph and feet, but you notice even the diagram behind him used kilometers.  They're SI, certainly.
1173. I see that there are 98 Luddites listed on thumb down.  Go NASA JPL............
1174. SCIENCE FTW!
1175. If you are in Maui, Hawaii August 5th come to Institute for Astronomy for a Mars Rover Landing Party in Maui SUNDAY, AUG. 5th, 6PM-8PM IfA Maui 34 Ohia Ku, Pukalani, HI
1176. I've probably watched this a hundred times already, and it never gets old. I will be on the edge of my seat for the real thing.
1177. This is actually the least crazy option. The other was bouncing this car-sized rover across the surface of Mars on balloons, like MER and Sojourner, except MER was only half the size of MSL, and Sojourner was the size of an RC car. Imagine dropping a car from that high going 200 mph and having it bounce around violently.
1178. This gave me chills
1179. Imperial rovers use Imperial units
1180. if it lands fine this will be the greatest feat of human engineering in history-keep your fingers crossed
1181. Doesn't matter if does land safely. And I don't doubt that it will. Some jack wads are going to call conspiracy and that all the footage is fake. Also whether it lands safely or not,This is an amazing sequence of problem solving. You may think they could have done it another way but these folks at JPL are not known for leaving stuff to chance. They are the best of the brightest and the brightest of the best.
1182. Glory be to Mars!
1183. Fingers crossed for the whole planet
1184. I can't believe NASA still doesn't use metric.
1185. humans cant possibly do this, but it seems computers can. BADASS
1186. If this was the initial sequence of a movie such as Avatar, it would seem unrealistically complex.  Rover is 900 kg.  This really complex landing system is 2400 kg.  Complexity costs a lot.  The stage that I find most surprising is the crane.  I'm surprised you couldn't just land on rockets, wait for the dust cloud to settle, then open a dust cap.  You might then also be able to use the rockets to hop somewhere else.
1187. its going to crash
1188. Wow. That looks hard. I'm sure glad that all we have to do with our deliverables is put the stuff in a box and call UPS to come get it.
1189. 2 days - 8 hours!
1190. "Hey Quaid! How's ya trip tah Mahhs?"
1191. seriously doubt success.  Too many places for failure.  I'd bet against it.  But, hope I'm wrong.
1192. Seven Seconds of Terror: youtube watch?v=gqLUIJA6Q1c
1193. It's at the start of the video... read the text :)
1194. Good luck!
1195. It's the Inception soundtrack.
1196. I think I'm mostly impressed it was done with only 500,000 lines of code...
1197. Those people should not be allowed to reproduce.
1198. This shit makes me queasy
1199. good luck guys!!
1200. Mr no brainer seems to enjoy the science that brought the internet into his life :) This isn't boys with toys time. The future of mankind is at stake! While nations Pollute the Earth and commit war upon the peoples in the names of gods who gave up. Give a little Space
1201. If this is life on MArs we are terrorizing it by shooting nuclear machines at it. Until we discover how to travel aligning to the energy of the Universe rather than fighting against it we should stay at home and keep researching. This is space terrorism if there is any life where this vehicle is going to land.
1202. Sorry but MARS is peppered with "Landfills", made from failed missions and landing platforms from successful ones (not to mention the latrine John Carter dug)
1203. I see that there are 94 people who are absolutely worthless.  No surprise there.  Probably the same people who spent all their time in their math and science classes in school dicking off and trying to look cool being the class clown and not learning anything.  Hey, I see no problem with that, we still need fry-cooks, janitors, and ditch-diggers.
1204. Holly Macro! This one deserves the title of Mission Impossible! I will be anxiously following it. A lot of blood, sweat, tears and hopes are riding on this  flight.
1205. No margin of error. Science is awesome !
1206. Liking this video, no brainer.
1207. Ah, but what if 14 minutes later they get a 'Hello'... There be some revelry going on back at JPL... :)
1208. This video is missing the last 10 seconds where the sky crane smashes into the surface creating the first land fill on Mars... another first for NASA ;)
1209. I hope the Curiosity landing is a success, but I have a feeling this is going to fail.
1210. The landing process was different
1211. COME ON COHAGAN YOU GOT WAT YOU WANT, GEEV DEEZ PEEPOL AYER!
1212. I like how Cohagen was clawing at his face and shit. He got what he deserved. Now get your ass to Mars. Get your ass to Mars. Get your ass to Mars. Best movie of all time!
1213. its must be some Religious Fundamentalists who think the sun goes around the earth, and the earth is flat and this action wouldn't  make the god happy, because The Priests or Imams etc. don't have something to say about this and they scary to lost the control about the people.
1214. hahah you got it!!
1215. Hahahah. EEEEEE! EEEEEEEE!!!!
1216. Good question. It was actually '76 with the Viking rovers but anyways... The old rovers were only a little bigger than a remote control car. This rover is the size of a Mini Cooper - a small car and it weights about a ton. Not just that, but Mars' atmosphere is a fraction of ours, meaning that since there is no air, there is no drag - nothing much to slow it down. Also, there is a 7 minute latency with communications from here to Mars and vice versa. If they pull this off, it will be something.
1217. They're amazing. The guys at NASA and JPL are fucking amazing if they pull this off. This is so not easy. I'm worried about the parachute fucking up or not deploying. Even if it does, what if it snaps? Damn, I can't wait for Sunday!
1218. nice project but ridiculous hollywood-like video
1219. @FutureLaugh Because this rover is the size of a car.
1220. the music is way to loud, can't hear what they are saying
1221. I'm pretty sure Curiosity is going to find simple life.  The discovery will wake the world up again to science.
1222. Doesn't sound like it's gonna work.
1223. why is this so difficult in 2012 when we already did it in the1980s??
1224. total recall faces
1225. As always awesome science and awesome planning, and nice to see an Indian in about everything.
1226. MIGUEL SAN MARTIN. ORGULLO RIO NEGRINO UN GRAN INGENIERO
1227. Really who disliked this? Some feet of engineering.
1228. JPL:  science superheroes.  Here's to a successful, historic mission!   I can't wait to see the first pics curiosity sends home!
1229. this looks risky as hell but if anyone can do it, its JPL and NASA.   Good luck guys, Mars awaits :)
1230. Shades of the Mars Climate Orbiter!  Is really JPL really measuring distances to the ground in meters and cables in feet?  When it touches down, will the velocity be calculated in furlongs per fortnight?  Still wishing all the best, but this does not inspire confidence.  Just read further down in the comments and see other people mentioned this too.  With the MCO disaster, you would think they would have at least learned to hide their usage of mixed units from the public better.
1231. The issues with Odyssey have been resolved - thankfully.  On July 24th, a thruster  burn was executed successfully and the orbiter will now be in the proper orbit to relay data back to Earth as originally planned.  Check out NASA's Odyssey mission Web site for all the details.
1232. Exactly. It boils down to the square-cube law in the end. If you take any object, whether it's a cube, a sphere, or a rover, it's total surface area (the amount of area you'd have for airbags) grows with the square of the radius, whereas the volume of body (in this case the mass of the rover) grows with the 3rd power. If you scale up, eventually you have so much load per area on the airbags that they would just burst. I imagine the science experiments don't like bouncing around violently either.
1233. After the cable has been extended all the way, the rocket then continues descending very slowly, until Curiosity gently touches the ground. They're not going to drop anything. :P
1234. The rocket is going to hover 20 meters (65.6 feet) over the surface and then lower a 21 foot long tether.  That is going to be a 44 foot drop.  Ouch!
1235. The rover is simply too massive to use airbags, unfortunately.
1236. I am so nervous for you JPL.  If this works, it will be the most awesome landing on a planet that seems to be able to eat spacecraft for lunch.  Watch out Spirit and Opportunity you are about to get big sister.
1237. btw, you can use Wolfram Alpha to easily find out when the landing occurs in your timezone.  For instance, say you live in australia, just type in "10:31pm pdt, australia"
1238. Rover lands in 3 days.
1239. The guidance system on the airplane is designed by people.  What they mean by guidance is the fact they are using powered landing on the this mission.
1240. It has a laser actually!  Not to blast aliens of course...  Just to zap rocks and see their chemical make up.
1241. There are some news about the Odyssey having glitches that might make it miss the landing.  They are considering to move the Odyssey into position, but might not capture the full landing.  Can't exactly call for a maintenance crew in orbit of mars.
1242. I wish this was more viral! more people need to get excited about the U.S space program, namely younger Americans...this seems to have been the aim with this video, but it is not spreading enough!
1243. Well. Done. !
1244. spaceman spiff, come to life! Love it!
1245. NASA will have 'eyes-in-the-skies' watching the landing - The Mars Odyssey and Mars Express missions will be watching the EDL.  Odyssey will be a real-time relay back to Earth, the other orbiter was not designed to do that.  It will send its information back some time later. I am also pretty sure the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has been tasked to image the landing zone shortly after the expected landing time.  (I have my fingers crossed that it will see Curiosity safely on the surface.)
1246. Simply amazing! I can't wait to see the outcome. Either way, its awesome!!!
1247. 420 000 ms lag... you won't be going GTA on Mars with that. :D
1248. So nervous...hope it works
1249. a free download of the music is available on john beck hofmann's youtube page- click the link in the description section.
1250. 65 000 lb of force on a 100 lb chute... that's about 29-30 TONNES on 45 kg of fabric and ropes. Whoa...
1251. A problem with these rover is that they depend on solar power, and so they are stuck at the ecuator. Curiosity is nuclear-powered, so it will be able to explore much more territory. Spirit and Opportunity weren't able to go very far, a little over 30 km for Opportunity.
1252. Seven minutes of terror music by JohnBeckHofmann
1253. Hope it works !!!!
1254. What's the name of the Score for this video... it sounds EPIC!
1255. nice presentation and good work getting people of different nationality in the video.
1256. Whoa!!! Amazing.
1257. we all as little kids loved the space didn't we :)
1258. To boldly go where no spacecraft has gone before! :)
1259. Moment of Truth is near!
1260. I would have gone with a giant catapult and a pile of mattresses at the other end. But then I did learn most of my engineering from Wile E. Coyote... ;) All the very best guys!
1261. Yes Their will be a live stream, Go this is video /watch?v=a4YqNoLkmxE&feature=g-all-u, and the live stream link will be its description  Like this comment so other's can see
1262. I Fucking Love Science.
1263. Is this not to search for organic compounds, to see if life existed when there WAS running water for a long time on Mars, as discovered by Spirit and Opportunity?
1264. Play Rocket Man by Elton John on descent. Good luck rocket.
1265. Curiosity, you can do it!
1266. I just crapped my pants as to how epic this video was and how epic this landing will be...one of the few things I attach "epic" too other than the ocean, cosmos, and mountains.
1267. Please tell me you have a camera rolling during the descent stage... that video or still shots would be incredible!
1268. will there be a live stream?
1269. Not feeling confident also -- Hovering 20 metres above the surface lowering on a 21 foot tether - that leaves about 13 metres of free fall. The European Mars lander failed because of a US-international unit mixup.
1270. Not feeling confident about this -- if they can't synchronize the sound and lips on this video, hardly likely they have correctly synchronized a transplanetary landing.
1271. biggest humanity problem is scientific illiteracy
1272. this was awesome
1273. The music by John Beck Hofmann can be found as a free download - google "7 minutes of terror music" and there is a link to download in description.
1274. God didn't want you to use a computer. Now leave us alone.
1275. If you're in the UK, it's 6:31am Monday.
1276. Curiosity isn't there to actually look for life, It's there to see if life WAS there.  It's looking into the past through layers of rock for signs of life that is long dead.
1277. Nasa needs to make more videos like this to inspire everyone!
1278. Who is God?
1279. I justn got sweaty palms just watching this, I think I will not sleep the night before touch-down.
1280. Reasoned engineering FTW!
1281. OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1282. when is it going to land there ????
1283. I was only half-joking really.  I pretty much knew what he said and meant.  I was just being silly- hence the grammar in the original statement, or lack thereof.
1284. The we wouldn't move forward would we?
1285. As I frequently ask my kids when we see something on video: "Real or Make-Believe?"
1286. Orca Carryall reporting in!
1287. Great video! I like the interviews, the background music, and the simulations. Well done JPL!  :)
1288. The purpose is to send scientific instruments to other planets and see what we can learn. I don't know the details of the Curiosity's instrumentation, but it will study things about Mars. Every time we do something like this we learn more about our own planet as a result. If you care about technological and scientific advances, you gotta go to space. If you don't care about science, you should start.
1289. GORDON FREEMAN.
1290. I like playing' Words with Friends' ahuh ahuh.This video make us all feel like idiots.
1291. It takes a lot of resources to monitor just a single rover.  Several hundred people will be working on the Curiosity Rover and having four times that amount wouldn't be feasible.  Also, having a larger rover means it is less likely to get stuck, it can travel faster and carry more specialized instruments.  It would be terrible if there were 4 rovers with limited instruments, and rover A found something great to examine, but only rover B had the tools to do so
1292. "Simplicity is the Ultimate Sophistication" -- Leonardo DaVinci  A complicated sequence of events..1 attempt.  "You scratch, the game's over" -- Mitch MacAleer, World aerobatic champion (hanglider)  This reminds me of Auto Racing, the best prepared drivers & teams don't necessarily win.  "I'd rather be lucky than Good..anyday" -- auto racing saying
1293. Thanks to all involved for another 'mankind achievement'. Peter McN, Australia.
1294. nice... did you know that NED-D (Nasa Extragalactic Database-Distance) was recently used to map the butterfly symmetry of the extragalactic universe.  Check out BigBangPhysicsDotCom.
1295. Meanwhile in Africa...
1296. Inception Soundtrack, Mind Heist:  /watch?v=0JGHI4TAC5U
1297. What's the name of the music?
1298. You can fit a LOT more science packages onto the Curiosity than you can on even four Sprint/Opportunity rovers. Factor in how much it costs per mission, and one Curiosity is a heck of a lot more cost effective than four smaller rovers.
1299. so pumped up for this !!!!!!!!!!
1300. Hard to believe this is happening millions of miles away :)
1301. +1 for the inception theme music
1302. Same here. I really hope they can pull this one off. Every one on that team deserves a week of boozing when they pull this off. Let the rover sit around for a week :D
1303. If we actually discover any extent life on Mars, even a microbe, then imagine how humbled we become.  Humbled, and yet liberated!
1304. god speed MSL
1305. We've plenty of water, just not all of it in a usable form. Evolutionists say that the fossil record was laid down over millions of years. But if there was a recent global flood like the one mentioned in the Bible, the evolutionary "sequence" would be interrupted as a result of the population reduction. But creationists say the fossil record is actually the result of a recent global flood, not millions of years old.
1306. I've never heard a scientist claim that the earth never experienced a global flood. Note, that doesn't mean there isn't a scientist that has, I've just never heard of it. On the contrary, there are many scientists who hold the theory that water arrived on our planet via comets as likely. I think it is also important to realize just how little water we do have compared to our rising population's needs.
1307. The Bible never said the sun revolved around the Earth, this is an urban myth. It does say the sun rises and sets, from the viewpoint of Earth. As for figuring out that life exists elsewhere, but not knowing where? That is an illogical statement. Evolutionists can't even tell us how life came to be on this planet. How are they going to tell us how it started on Mars?
1308. (p2) n. If the earth were heavy enough to retain hydrogen and helium, then it would have retained so much gas that it would have become a gas giant like Jupiter or Neptune (in the early days of the solar system, there was a lot more hydrogen and helium in the solar system than elements that make up the earth, but these were blown away by solar wind in only a couple million years (which is still a hundred times longer than all of human history).
1309. The gravity of Mars is so low that the escape velocity of water molecules is lower than six standard deviations above the average thermal velocity of water molecules (temperature = movement of gas molecules). Consequently, water molecules will simply fly off the surface of Mars every once and a while. Given a billion years, entire oceans evaporate off into space.  The earth is almost eight times heavier than Mars, enough to keep a hold of water, but not enough to keep a hold of helium or hydroge
1310. > No life will be found on the surface, too irradiated.  Not true. Terrestrial life evolved only because of the presence of ultraviolet radiation capable of easily ionising/energising chemicals without the need of complex photosynthetic chemicals.  The reason there's no life on the surface of Mars is because there's no liquid water to serve as a medium and no weather or geological activity to serve as a source of fresh chemicals.
1311. YES!!!!
1312. what's with the stupid people complaining about the music? This is YOUTUBE, a medium for ENTERTAINMENT? I swear some people are just too slow.
1313. It won't make a NASA video without an INDIAN in there :X lol
1314. yeah, so that the world economy collapses but hey at least we have a rover (could we even afford a rover if we let our banks fail. Hmmmm)
1315. Well, if they want DETAILED information, yes. No life will be found on the surface, too irradiated. If there is water under the surface there could be life, but is this a surprise? I think we have all established that the bible is full of crap and thus the sun doesn't revolve around us. We have all pretty much figured there is life elsewhere BUT THE QUESTION IS WHERE?
1316. @iced327 Evolutionists say Mars, a dry barren wasteland of a planet, was once covered in water. Evolutionists say Earth, two thirds of which is covered by water, never experienced a global flood. Do they really need a rover to figure out what happened?
1317. I agree and I truly hope it all goes to plan. I just can't see it though. I'll be keeping my fingers crossed on the 5th Aug.
1318. Can't even watch this this all the way to the end. The epic cliffhanger music is just ridiculous, Do they really feel they have to make it movie-like in order to keep people interested? I want facts, not music and editing induced tension!
1319. Listen again. He says "At the moment we receive the signal that we have just touched the top of the atmosphere, Curiosity will have already been on the ground for at least 7 minutes." The video has it correct.
1320. This one is far too heavy to bounce in - basically its the size and weight of a small car.
1321. IF WE'RE LANDING A ROVER ON MARS, THEN WHY ARE THERE STILL MONKEYS?  THE SECOND LAW OF THERMODYNAMICS DISPROVES MARS.  MAYBE YOU SHOULD TRY READING THE BIBLE.  IT SAYS THAT GOD CREATED MARS IN SEVEN DAYS AND THEN THE ROVER DIED FOR OUR SINS.  I'LL PRAY FOR YOU.  /internet
1322. If everyone had the same attitude, we would still be wearing animal skins and bash each other's head in with clubs.
1323. You have to be daring to try new things, complicated things. People who are really smart have worked on this for years. Let's just hope for the best. It will be an incredible achievement.
1324. That is not what he said. As soon as they receive the signal that it has touched mars' athmosphere, that information is already 7 minutes old. So at that moment it's either destroyed, or it's standing still on the planet's surface, waiting instructions.
1325. His point is that since it takes 7 minutes to get through the atmosphere, and 14 minutes for the signal to reach Earth, the show has been over, for good or ill, for 7 minutes.
1326. KSA?  See acronyms have little or no meaning if you aren't in the industry.  I could say something like MSGC and you wouldn't know what it means because you aren't in the same industry.   Either way, KSA is not part of NASA and we were speaking of the NASA budget, so......I guess that is a straw man argument.
1327. Surely, If they get word that the vehicle is alive on the surface, you will already know it's alive... I mean, you won't get a signal if it's dead right?  It can't send a signal if it's been bashed up on landing so if after 15 minutes with still no signal, you will know it's dead. So him saying "it's either been alive or dead on the surface for seven minutes" is a bit moot.  Signal=alive, no signal=dead. It's like saying "You'll wake up dead".  I mean, if you're dead you won't wake up right?
1328. Yea, no: someone who knows how much this expedition cost. It's maybe better to found an international space agency or a supra national agency (like ESO in astronomy) to launch such expensive trips. Hold in mind: the US is bankrupt.
1329. I wonder why they can't bounce this one in like the last ones? Didn't that work pretty well?
1330. That does not seem to be 100% as it has happening Today. It may be an ideal for the next landings. As far as I know after the parachutes there is a separation of two parts off from  Gargarin and rockets slow down and lands.
1331. good luck guise... i hope you are confident enough not to have the need to believe in it.
1332. imagine, many years ago a WORD "wheel" was so unknown... now we have this, and many ppl are still praying -_-
1333. where do you think the ideas come from?  Science fiction is un-discovered and un-invented science fact.
1334. This is just incredible. I'm excited and wish NASA good luck and the success they deserve.
1335. "...the vehicle has been alive, or dead, on the surface, for at least 7 minutes."  -Schrödinger's Rover.
1336. Better to knock on the Military Complex door instead.
1337. I can't possibly see how this will succeed. It's just far too complicated. I hope I'm wrong but I can see this going the way of Beagle 2.
1338. mind = blown
1339. What an awesome watch.
1340. Get your ass to Mars!
1341. Fantastic use of the Interrotron™!
1342. yep, I like. When is it in the theaters? Tom Cruise in it? Only one problem: Missing the link to the merchandise here.
1343. I hope this succeeds.
1344. can YOU say "puppet on a string"...so predicable, lol
1345. There's nothing on your computer screen that will support intelligence in your skull, so why bother?
1346. I am religious and I strongly support this. I guess it's people who believe tax money should not be spent on space exploration.
1347. This looks impossible.  It'll make for 7 minutes of spectacular video though, one way or another, and hopefully many months more than that.  That said, it's too bad that it looks like the descent stage won't be doing anything useful after it drops off the rover.
1348. Some religious trolls that prefer to live in the dark!!
1349. Good luck Curiosity and JPL team.
1350. what a colossal waste of money...news flash people there is nothing on Mars that will support life so why are we going there...?
1351. take some plants to Mars
1352. "20 meters above the surface we have to lower the rover on a tether that is 21 feet long". Oh no!
1353. HOLY SHIT! THIS IS THE MOST AWESOME THING OF ALL TIME
1354. Yea, Obama and every other president since Reagan.
1355. 2 1/2 billion dollars riding on this.  If it crashes, the cries to kill the space program will be deafening.  God I hope this works right on Sunday night.
1356. Like half of the previous missions to the Red Planet, it might get shot down by the Martian Air Command.
1357. You don't need oxygen for a parachute to work. Majority of Mars atmosphere is mostly consisted of Carbon dioxide (CO2), which is heavier then oxygen. Take Saturn's moon Titan for example, its atmosphere is most made of methane gas, which is heavier than the CO2 atmosphere on Mars, and yet, they were able to the a probe, Huygens, on the ground of that Moon. So the thing is that as long as you have an atmosphere, parachute will work.
1358. Go NASA and JPL !!!
1359. Think of it as a bit of dramatic, poetic license. Or be a pedantic nitpicking douche. Your call.
1360. they said it glows like the surface of the sun
1361. How can the parachute work at the place that no air...or oxygen..
1362. AMAZING WORK, JOHN BECK AND THE GENIUSES AT NASA.
1363. piece of cake
1364. I think it has to do with the fact that ths rover is much bigger and too heavy for that method to work
1365. Very nice!! Can't wait to witness the landing.
1366. This is so awesome! I am biting my nails, hoping they don't fuck it up!
1367. R'tards....
1368. I'd say it probably has to do with how hard the airbags come down. When Pathfinder landed, the airbags brought the lander down with a force of about 18Gs. Landing with rockets and the skycrane means a gentler descent, probably less than 1G, and less chance of anything breaking on impact. This way, they only have to engineer it to take a little over 9Gs instead of twice that which would require having to add tons of supports and reinforcements to the weight of the lander.
1369. This will be an incredible feat of multi-disciplinary engineering. My hat is off to everyone who helped design, fabricate, and deploy this marvel.
1370. Libertarians who think that NASA is a waste of money. Ignore them.
1371. Ah, Sagan. He had a talent for this. He could express complex ideas simply yet poetically. The problem is that very few people can actually do it. It takes great eloquence as well as a good understanding of science. So the other alternative is 'cheap tricks', as 'dry information' itself is often regarded as unappealing. And at the end of the day NASA needs all the support it can get thus 'appealing to the lowest common denominator' is better than nothing at all. I guess that's how it works..Mhmm
1372. Thanks for not continuing down that path, and yes it is just my opinion. I stated it in a matter of fact way, but yes only an opinion. I'm just tired of science shows appealing to the lowest common denominator, when it should be presented in a more Carl Sagan'esque way. There a reason (pure speculation) why people still remembers his science show Cosmos.
1373. First of all, this video is not about science, it's about engineering. Now I don't see anything wrong in presenting these topics (both science and engineering) in a "sexy" way. /watch?v=syA7ml64zY4 describes the exact same thing and comes from the same source. Now tell me, which one of these vids will inspire people ? It is just as much of a lie to pretend that there's no thrill at all in those endeavors. The only detail I hate in that video is that "L1NES OF COD3"... puhliiiizzz >_<
1374. "You do not make science more interesting by using cheap production tricks." Can you demonstrate the scientific validity of this claim? That is your personal opinion. The added drama/cheesiness might not work for you but it could work for other people. This is the original reason why I responded to your comment. Unfortunately, my initial response was vague and not very specific so I got side-tracked in the following comments.
1375. All you people saying the music is too dramatic ... It's NOT ... This is a challenge ... And we don't control it ... the computer onboard does ... It could break apart or not deploy the parachute ...  The music = suspense, which is what this is.
1376. Yes it gained a lot of popularity, but you can in no way conclude it is because of the production. The video was linked from a huffington post article, which then again was linked from slashdot. Two extremely popular sources. Getting featured in various places is way more likely to be the reason, but I cannot conclude that, because there is not basis for it. Stop defending a position you know to be wrong. If knew just a little bit about science you would know your initial "proof" is out of line.
1377. Why the change from air bag to this braking rocket/skycrane scenario?  Great video, let's hope JPL can get er done.
1378. DMT ??
1379. Practically no other NASA made video has gotten this many views.  Cheesiness + info > dry info. I mean, production tricks exist for a reason... Something somehow made this gain popularity.
1380. Simple technics showed in new-fashioned ways, good job guys. No more old-fashion rocket-science-like videos!
1381. Well, actually it doesn't prove anything. People clicked the video before seeing it, thus if anything it only proves it is a popular subject, and maybe linked to many places. You would need two content identical videos made in two different ways, and get people to rate them to prove anything.
1382. Still - this video has gotten over 800k + views. Proving that it did work.
1383. MARS, when the first person will land there, I want be first :)
1384. Those people that try to launch their own rover to Mars but fail at take off.
1385. No problem.
1386. my bad i misunderstood your statement, implying something was wrong.
1387. To put the drama in context imagine your job involves working on something that takes months, if not years, to take it from concept to actual product. Then, in order to keep working on that project you're supposed to trust that product to work the first time BY ITSELF with no mistakes. Just one mistake and that project is done, no do-overs or backups. All the work you and your team were going to be doing has just gone down the drain, and you couldn't do a thing about it. I'd be worried too.
1388. Ahmm I don't think I said there was anything (technically) wrong with the music, especially it being out of sync, so I have no idea why you brought that up.
1389. nothing wrong with the music, is syncs just right, but i agree that it is a bit dramatic
1390. I love the science and the content of the video, but I absolutely hate the dramatic music and overly dramatic storytelling. You do not make science more interesting by using cheap production tricks (pretty much all American tv productions uses these lame effects), in fact you just lower it to the same level as an episode of The Jersey Shore.
1391. Those folks that thought this is about Al Kaida or something. It's not terrory enough, you see? Too much talking heads, too much long words, too few explosions. Don't underestimate stupidity.
1392. ah sorry, i'm not familiar with astronomy, just started checking out those stuff, if Opportunity was already there then what makes Curiosity different from it, this seems to be a gigantic project too, and i'm sure we can, but what if there's a new element in their atmosphere?
1393. omg! that is absolutely amazing!
1394. Shut up, you're crazy.
1395. So because NASA says they do these things, people automatically believe it's so?  Believe nothing you hear and half of what you see.
1396. This 7 minutes of terror doesn't even begin to compete with the initial terror I went through on  a recent blind date. The only thought in my mind for the first several minutes was, how do I flee this situation convincingly and make certain that I never ever meet this person again. So I had to fake my own death. Problem resolved.
1397. Also, I'd think any lander that goes to Mars would have the structural integrity to survive a dust devil.
1398. Magnets in the airlocks... It's basically iron oxide flakes. Did you intent to stump anyone with that?
1399. The rover has so much mass, that it would most likely completely destroy the airbags and not decelerate at all. After all, the rover weighs as much as a car.  "Now children, don't try that at home..."
1400. Yes it does.  P.S. What would you prefer to happen? They cut the connections with the rover and the rockets at forty-five feet? Even with shock absorbers, I'm not sure it would survive that.
1401. The way I understand it, the sky-crane apparatus descends at 1.7 meters per second... Don't quote me on that, though.
1402. If I may say this, not quite. At the point of impact with the atmosphere, Mars will be about fourteen light-minutes away from the Earth. Since radio ways are light, it takes that long for the signal to reach us. But the signal starts as the probe hits the atmosphere, so as the rover descends, the signal is flying across space. It's just that the rover wins the "race" by seven minutes. :D
1403. It is stupidly complex. But, it sort of has to be that way. You have to remember, that rover weighs a ton. That's two-thousand pounds; that's five times as much as the MER. Therefore, as I'm sure you can imagine, this thing has so much more momentum, that it takes a lot more delta-v in the opposing direction to slow down; so much, in fact, that the parachute can't do it alone. After all, it can only deploy so much atmospheric drag before its influence is gone.
1404. You're obviously not a JPL genius. The 7 minutes is how long it take for the process that you just learned about.  7 minutes from entering Mars atmosphere to landing.  Most people name videos based on the content not on the length of the video...
1405. Sorry to break your bubble here but some of Justin Bieber's videos have more than 750 million views... so the current state of our society is much, much worse.  BTW, I smell some Hans Zimmer inspirations here ;)
1406. Recycled Inception music :-)
1407. This is brilliant! I'll be glued to any streams of the landing.
1408. I for one feel terrified!
1409. A well put together video; but the music made it great. Well chosen music. Well Done!
1410. WHAT will we do about Martian DUST???  Worse than solar radiation, this is THE problem  for 2020 manned mission to the dust-devil capital of this Sol-system/.  Closest we have to it here is volcanic ash, it just blurs it doesn't leave.  It'll stick onto every gear every wheel every gasket even gets into hydraulically-sealed areas.  We've got time to work it out, but will we?
1411. one of the coolest videos on youtube in my opinion.  best of luck to jpl with the landing.  i will be waiting anxiously to learn the fate of curiousity.  may she land unscathed on the red planet.
1412. I wish I could hit the "like" button a few hundred more times...
1413. Reading your comment as just made my day.Thanks so much. ps thumbs up
1414. If only they came out at the same time. If only.
1415. AWSOME! Thank goodness for scientist!
1416. Well, that panda IS really cute...
1417. The sneezing panda video has been out for over 5 years.  This was posted a little more than a month ago.  Great comparison, champ.  But I guess comments like yours really do show us where society is headed...
1418. This is exciting!  Just like the Lunar Landing!
1419. As interesting as it would be to go to Mars, you can count me out haha. I rather watch it on TV.
1420. If/when humans colonize Mars, they're going to have the best space/history museum.
1421. That is still pretty big :) At least some people take interest in ground breaking human achievements
1422. Agreed! JPL guys are truly the people we should admire and take pride in! They should be the idols for our children, not some movie and pop stars.
1423. Curiosity is the mass of a car, much bigger than the previous rovers. The airbag system doesn't scale up.
1424. Why don't they just use the balloon bag system that the twin rovers used?
1425. About two weeks ago I was informed that the atmosphere of Mars is equal to .7% of Earth's; I know that does not allow for conventional air flight.
1426. There's a little air. As was stated in the video, there's enough air to cause enough friction to require the heat shield.
1427. That is enormously cool
1428. I respect the work of NASA personal but are these the same folks who designed, built and tested an airplane for an airless MARS? Just wondering.  See youtube video   NASA ARES Mars airplane TEST over 100,000 feet
1429. This vid will never reach those numbers.
1430. It's apparent we need to send Pandas to Mars...
1431. To crash somewhere far away from the lander so it won't cause any damage.
1432. This is the most expensive game of Cut The Rope in history!  Good luck, JPL.
1433. Thanks, I feel like an idiot right now:) I don't know how could I not think about that
1434. I like how the video is only 5 minutes long
1435. NASA where the skycrane is heading ? ?
1436. On the contrary dear sir, this spacecraft is simply a another example of our ability to make our lives easier here on earth witness the phone that you used to send this message to us Earthlings... Lol
1437. Or it shows that people enjoy more to have fun than to educate themselves. Maybe not the best way to go for society, but neither very bad ;-)
1438. Looks like another overengineered set of predefined primative processes and tools glued together with embeded software to achieve what? If you want water or proof of life I have all of that in my back yard. Or are we loking for another planet to rape of natural resources. A good thing there is no life or we would have to dream up a reason for a war to take it from them,
1439. It's simple... we have already been there with another rover, called Opportunity, that actually it's still there. Onto this vehicle there are many instruments for analysing the quality of the air. But also we can do that from the Earth observing the ligth... It' s difficult but trust me... We can! :)
1440. Religious morons or people who think we should fix ALL the problems on earth first, before starting to do science. Go Curiosity!
1441. Any landing sequence would be complex in this situation.  Can you think of a better way to shoot an SUV-sized vehicle at thousands of miles per hour onto a planet that's currently farther away than the sun, have it slow down through the thin atmosphere, and have it land in the exact location you want it to without kicking up dust?
1442. NASA has sent probes to Mars before.  Also, there are ways of determining atmospheric composition of planets without visiting them.  I'm not sure of the exact science, but something about looking at which wavelengths of light get reflected, along with the mass and radius of the planet only being able to hold so much gas via gravity, its orbital speed, and temperature are all probably key factors.  Long story short, science.
1443. Wait...if there's no air on Mars, how does the parachute work o_o?
1444. I have a question, how did they find out about the atmosphere's substances when they've never been there?  how do they know it's 99.something percent carbon dioxide or whatever? please answer if you know the answer and please don't troll lol
1445. JPL engineers are the heroes of our generation.  The missions to the planets, moons, and rings of our solar system cast JPL engineers as equivalent to the great trans-oceanic navigators of the 15th century.  We are fortunate to witness the exploration of our home planetary system, as a legacy and tribute to our remarkable species.
1446. This is either the most stupidly complex system for putting a rover on a planet, or the most brilliant. I'm guessing we will find out on August 5.
1447. The reason why it takes 14 minutes to get the signal from Mars to Earth is that, due to the fact that it takes 7 minutes for the rover to get from the top of the atmosphere to the desired location on the ground. So that means NASA has to wait 7 minutes for the rover to get to the ground, and once it gets to the ground it can begin to radio a signal to Earth saying "I survived and I'm ok". Another thing is that mars and earth are so far apart that it takes another 7 minutes for us to getTheSignal
1448. @jimalbi  To answer your question, "Why the fuck does USA stil don't want to use metric system????"  Master our language both verbally and grammatically first, and then worry about our units of measurement.   Baby steps.   Can you spell I-R-O-N-Y?
1449. The winch begins to lower MSL when it's still at 20 meters. The descent continues slowly until MSL touches the ground.  And BTW, why the fuck does USA stil don't want to use metric system??? That's retarded.
1450. Flat Earthers, creationnists and anti-science republican bigots.
1451. I am a real space exploration enthousiat. That mission and that landing interest me greatly. I don't remember a space probe mission NASA covered and mediatized so much. Of course, the web is still young... But to put a hype on this was the right strategy. All the budget cuts in NASA simply because republicans didn't want to negociate with Obama lead to this. Space exploration is suffering.
1452. The tethered Mars Science Laboratory [MSL] begins it's final landing when the powered descent stage [pds], at some 20 M [~65 ft] altitude, starts to lower the MSL to the surface on a tether 21 ft long.  Remember that the pds is *still* descending, at what rate Im not sure. At this point, the pds is loosing altitude slower than the MSL, hence the reason it touches down & can safely have the pds fly away to a bloody, fiery, honorable death.  Mars' 1st intentional man made explosion.  Beautiful :D
1453. Im not sure how this mission *isn't* exciting as hell without the supposed 'mediatization'.  Ohh yeah, I am. Public ignorance.  *weeps*
1454. 66 Votes for Mitt Romney.
1455. This is a video about a video.  Where is the original?
1456. Why? 21 feets is approx. 6.4 meters, and that's fine, because we don't want to smash rover on the ground ;)
1457. Space exploration id dying with current foundings.  So NASA tries to make the current missions more exciting, more mediatized. This is the exact goal of that video.  That is a wise strategy.
1458. it's no conversion fail, he's talking about 2 different things, it may be confusing to use 2 different unit systems in the same sentence, but he didn't fail at converting anything
1459. What bothers me is that a sneezing panda has over 140 million hits, while this only has 700,000.  That just shows you where society is headed.
1460. No, but the history might be very different. What if you didn't get to the Moon during the Cold War for example?
1461. America stole the top scientists as "war criminals" (funny!), that's why.
1462. the math you did is correct, except you're basing that on the minimum distance between the two planets(56 million km).  Earth and Mars are both orbiting the sun at different speeds and on eccentric orbits, depending on each planet's position, the delay can be anywhere from 4 to 20 minutes
1463. 0:34  Why does it take 14 minutes for the radio signal to reach Earth? It should take about 4 minutes, considering radio waves travel at the speed of light. Can somebody explain this to me?
1464. My 6th grade classmate named this thing. i still cant believe it
1465. We will never get to mars unless you guys actually utilize what you have to: Thorium reactors. We will never do that because the scum that runs this country doesn't want cheap energy for everyone.
1466. Its amazing how many people don't care anything about stuff like this.  It baffles my mind that people are content to live in their little hole and live out their lives without ever caring about exploration, adventure, and learning new things.
1467. The tech was not a product of Nazi ideology, so saying it is Nazi technology is incorrect.  It's no more accurate than claiming a Core i7 processor is Democratic technology.
1468. Because, you know, private enterprise could never have gotten to space with NASA still going there, stopping them and everything.
1469. I hope!  I hope!  I hope!  I hope!  I haven't had this much anxiety since Spirit and Opportunity!
1470. What? Everyone knows America got the rocket technology and scientists from nazi Germany.
1471. Ninja and Hercules: Actually the decline of NASA has paved the way for the privatization of space exploration.  Its the best thing that could have happened.  Now we actually may make it to Mars in our lifetime.
1472. To be honest; I'd rather hear the Mission Impossible theme to this...
1473. 63 dislikes are Christians.
1474. Bless that nazi technology...
1475. > The truth is, that you are surrounded by things in your daily life that NASA either invented, perfected or refined.  Yeah right, big government bureaucracy has so much incentives to invent new things... Not!
1476. Billions of dollars that is going to end in failure...
1477. Not gonna happen for decades man.
1478. Then I guess you wont be voting for obama since he destroyed the funding for NASA?
1479. Buzz aldrin = idiot
1480. As a Canadian who will be on the edge of my seat watching this;  USA. USA. USA.  Love it.
1481. Who/what is the music?
1482. Do we need to get Buzz Aldrin to punch you as well?
1483. The truth is, that you are surrounded by things in your daily life that NASA either invented, perfected or refined.  Capitalism has been great for marketing invented items and getting them into the mainstream.  So unless you can show me some facts about how NASA's invented and improved techs HAVEN'T made more for you than they've spent you can just wallow in your ignorance.
1484. They've built a goddamn $2.5 billion dollar Rube Goldberg machine to land on a planet 230 million km away?! Amazing. Also a bit crazy.
1485. would be amazing to be able to watch a live rover landing on mars, no?
1486. So cool! Who are the 62 idiots that dislike this?
1487. No. You're dumb.
1488. Ill be waiting it there
1489. HOLY shit. Dam that's cool
1490. "The dream is collapsing"
1491. Parachutes and strings. Haha
1492. He's propably another homosexual,fat american that has nothing to do about what NASA scientists say and he probably came here just to masturbate,  not to learn about mars as the rest of the world does.
1493. Man never stepped foot on the moon, sad but true. All lies
1494. Wh-  What ???
1495. The difference in size of Curiosity (Five times as large -- and heavy) means that bouncing balls don't scale to work with a vehicle that size.
1496. It is not possible to do it on Earth, why would it work on Mars?  These are jokes, just fancy computer animations, that's it, NASA LIES!
1497. Poor descent stage, jetted away like that, to crash alone and unloved :(
1498. Try going a day without oil, have fun getting to work or driving your mom to the hospital, watching tv, eating fresh food, going on the internet or cutting your grass.   We didnt fight the last war for oil, we took no oil from Iraq.
1499. What happened to the bouncy ball from Opporunity and Spirit
1500. The other rover was smaller and capable of a safer landing. Less mass = easier to put in.
1501. Yeah those pesky wars that help up remain free and secure the freedom for millions around the war.  Sure there is alot of waste in the govt.  take for example the green jobs obama just wasted billions on.  They are all in China
1502. haven`t they already done this with another rover that took photos of the surface of Mars??
1503. wow I guess you got me, as a matter of fact the death threats I got from  posts talking about the govt waste usually come from 12 year old boys. oh and commies
1504. That we can achieve such makes the lack of similar progress on other challenges conspicuous by its absence
1505. Man, there are a lot of stages where something could get screwed up...  Sure hope it survives.
1506. Now that was a well put together marketing video. Why can't all your videos be this cool, NASA? If they were, I'm pretty sure you wouldn't have to worry about your funding being cut because you'd have the support of the people.
1507. NASA runs one of the most important programs in the history of mankind.  Gov't spending IS totally out of control... but Defense spending and NASA are on the list of things that the government is SUPPOSED To spend money on.  If we get rid of the absolutely insane entitlement spending then this wouldn't be an issue.  Personally I could give a fuck about the millions of welfare recipients, since about 1% of them actually deserve it.  I'd spend money on space exploration over welfare any day.
1508. The problem isn't that our only choice is big government or pure capitalism, it's that people like you have made it seem like those are our only choices. We've gone from the 19th century where corporations could totally screw citizens due to no government regulation, to  an era where our middle class was strong and corporations were kept in check and yet both sides flourished, to where government and all forms of regulation are demonized because pure capitalism is supposedly the only path ahead.
1509. What a fantastic piece of engineering, and what an amazing video to promote interest. Well done NASA.
1510. @ProfRat -- 20 m above the surface, they lower it ON a 21 ft long tether, and then lower the entire thing -- rocket crane and rover -- so that the rover can be left on the surface.
1511. Rubbish. NASA is just another government bureaucracy. Govt is terribly inefficient at inventing new things - history proved it time and again, most recently when worldwide socialism failed while "evil capitalism" is alive and kicking, and still outperforms all other systems in scientific and technological advances.  NASA may have its best moments during Apollo, but now it sucks big time. Budget overruns and failures in almost every project (JWST, CxP to name a few).
1512. TheNinjaPacker, you are absolutely correct. I am disgusted, DISGUSTED, by all the money that is being spent on this idiocy that could be spent instead on killing brown people with funny names. It's ridiculous! Why isn't the Pentagon doing something about this? Stupid Libertards!
1513. Is it just me or does the background music sound exactly like the Inception trailer music?
1514. great job on this piece! these engineers really know how to ratchet things up on stuff they talk about.
1515. if you think science & tech advancement are a waste of time and money, then why did you waste time & money on your COMPUTER? following your "logic", you would argue that we have all these iphones & personal computers that wouldve, by their mere presence, prevented the recession that this country & much of the world is in today.  youre no different than people who say... on the INTERNET... that earth is no older than 6000 years.  forget time & money. you people are a waste of space & oxygen.
1516. how could this video get dislikes?!?!?!?!
1517. This could be a movie trailer
1518. Narrow as your mind.
1519. This is engineering, not science.
1520. Very cool, but at 4:12 "20 metres above the surface we have to lower the rover on a tether that's 21 feet long" - did they learn nothing (look at Mars Climate Orbiter on wikipedia)?!
1521. How can you honestly say that?  WE ARE EXPLORING THE GALAXY.
1522. There's not enough atmosphere for a helicopter's blades. Rocket boosters work in atmosphere or no atmosphere.
1523. Because rockets give you much more thrust than a helicopter, while having the same weight. They are also much less susceptible to mechanical failure. Also the atmosphere is to thin for a helicopter on mars. I don't think it could even hold its very own weight with nowadays technology and power.
1524. Cinq fois plus lourd que ses prédécesseurs (900 kg), il se posera sur mars au début du mois prochain.
1525. I think this thing will fail
1526. If this is what NASA can do with One Half of One Percent of the US Budget just imagine what they could do with 5%.
1527. It's actually upwards of 22 dollars.  Don't forget, NASA invented stuff like cordless power tools, airbags, and the Jaws of Life.
1528. It would be nice if NASA even got that much.  NASA doesn't even get 1% of the federal budget.  NASA get HALF of 1% of the national budget.
1529. That's because back in high school they were the "science nerds". What the popular girls don't get is that the jocks of the school end up calling us boss in the future :)
1530. And now we all know why you're argument is invalid: You lack basic education.
1531. 0.5 cents of each dollar. That's 0.5%, not 5%.
1532. Check your math hdaly22.
1533. I think your Caps-Lock is on.
1534. 5% of the national budget is a huge amount.
1535. It takes 14 minutes or more to communicate with the MSL because Mars is so distant. Before moving anywhere, the rover relays detailed images about the area around it and then scientists and engineers at NASA decide what targets they want to visit and the safest route to get from point 'A' to point 'B'.  The necessary commands are then sent back to the MSL and it drives off to its next target (aided by on-board A.I. to deal with unexpected obstacles...)
1536. 1. Not yet, August 5th is the landing 2. It won't the information will be beamed back the rover will stay there
1537. How much are you paying the military? WAY to much
1538. It's not just initially about making bank. It's - as Lex Luthor once said "Land, Land, Land", people may be no damned good, but they will always pay through the nose - for land. Mining colonies, agricultural outposts, the vast wealth of the asteroid belt, the solar system is ours, establishing a good Mars colony also doubles the chance of survival should something catastrophic happen on either planet.
1539. The bouncing bag worked well, why change now?  This looks like 15 types of fail if any one thing goes south....
1540. 1:44 -  PEDO BEAR is going to be first to mars ?!
1541. psh, i did that in kindergarden
1542. Write your congressmen if you think NASA deserves more support for this sort of thing. It'll make a difference!
1543. "For every dollar spent on nasa, America gets 8 back from newly invented and improved technology."  No, it does not. NASA PR != truth.
1544. According to Neil DeGrasse Tyson it's 4/10ths of a dollar.
1545. wow, thats how i thought they would do it. thanks for the info, much appreciated :)
1546. 14 minutes is the time it takes from a signal from earth to get to mars. Think of it like playing a video game with 14 minute latency. It's fine for driving around on the surface, but for time sensitive stuff, like landing, it has to be automated.
1547. We must harvest the spice!
1548. so does it take 14 minutes for the rover to be controlled? how does that work? you cant just keep making it go forward because it will go forward 14 minutes until you can change anything about it...
1549. Seven minutes. Seven minutes is all i can spare in space with you.
1550. Obviously not enough. I'm sure after this you'll be aware of the numerous spinoffs of this relatively cheap space exploration.... smoke detectors, water filters, cellphones, tons of rocket/missle research, google shall tell you more. Compared to massive amount of money considered "unaccountable" by our own government it is inconceivable to put any monetary blame on the space program.
1551. More space for human life.
1552. They are not getting paid enough. For every 1$ invested in space exploration it benefits the US economy by 8$. Yet NASA has one of the lowest budgets.
1553. when you say "isn't the same at all" you should mean not entirely the same.  Granted we aren't going to mars to look for some goddamn spices, we are going to explore the new world.  See a little bit of the columbus factor now?
1554. Some day a group of under privileged mars colonists will be eating dinner off of this thing.
1555. that makes sense, thanks!
1556. dysfunctional  rovers
1557. How much does the government spend on bombs? It's about priorities.
1558. It weighs 2000 lbs.  The air bag design may not be effective at that kind of weight.
1559. Currently, there are 55 dislikes for this video.  WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE!?!?!
1560. The lander is entering Mar's atmosphere............ and its gone.
1561. Ultra cool.  I wish you luck in your studies!  The more people in science and engineering, the better.
1562. spices?  Like cinnamon or sage?
1563. The spice must flow.
1564. This rover is much heavier.
1565. God damn i wish Jesus was alive, he'd help us with space program.
1566. it's so crazy is might just work
1567. what happened to the air bag design?
1568. And everything the United States had done has cost pennies in the grand scheme of things. It's a shame your country is wanting to drift away from space exploration, since no other country can really step in to fill the shoes.
1569. @Anil Babbar no, you don't. trust me on this.
1570. @Jimmy0240 If it gets our hearts and minds back to the skies, who cares?
1571. A little over dramatic don't ya think?
1572. 54 people don't believe in science.
1573. I hope to see humans get to Mars in my life time.  But the sad thing is that I just don't believe it will happen.  Extremely depressing.
1574. nbd
1575. 0.5 cents of every dollar spent from the national budget, so damn near nothing.
1576. and its already experienced a wheel failure. how much are we paying them?
1577. So glad I'm getting a degree in aerospace engineering. This is cool stuff.
1578. ok so it lands then what?? WHAT HAPPENS NEXT!?!?! WHAT AREN'T YOU TELLING US!?!?
1579. NASA was right to tell a dramatic story in a dramatic way. Sure they could have done in in a boring fashion - but why do that when you are trying to reach the general public. More science needs to be shown like this. It doesn't have to be boring.
1580. Megatron @4:50
1581. this is interesting enough without the unnecessary dramatic undertone editing lol
1582. This video is so much better than all the movies made about Mars !!!!
1583. We haven't yet conclusively proved there are no spices on Mars
1584. Why did Columbus go looking for the "Indies" - Same reason.
1585. 1976 - Viking spacecraft.
1586. there has got to be an easier way.
1587. cool!
1588. They need to get people there!
1589. That was really interesting, and can I say: the music was so epic!!! :D
1590. Actually, Pathfinder was the lander and surface base that released the Sojourner Rover... The point, however, is still conveyed. :D
1591. We are here to go.
1592. As long as smart people from around the world want to come here the US will continue to amaze.
1593. Don't forget Viking 1 and 2.
1594. I think it's GOOD to invest in exploration and science.
1595. Actually there have only been three previous rovers.  Sojourner was the name of the rover component of the Mars Pathfinder Mission.  Spirit & Oppy the names of the rovers belonging to the Mars Exploration Rover Mission.  Curiousity/MSL will be the 4th rover if successful.
1596. There is nothing wrong with it; the MSL is simply too large for this method to be an option.
1597. They didn't have to put crazy music to convey the craziness of the endeavor. I guess this literally could go wrong a million ways. I hope the steps didn't ensue form watching to much sci-fi, because it reminds me of a lot of movie scenes. :)
1598. Hehe I meant FUND SCIENCE typo
1599. I rather see the government cut funding for medical care, schools, military and find science - it is one thing worth living for! To explore the unknowns to answer the unanswerable - isn't that worth dying for? I am confident the sky crane will work. With latest gyros, computers and smart software - every thing is possible and I work with software and I know this well. Can't wait!!
1600. More wrong!  I don't want to hurt your brain with facts, so I'll just recommend you close your mind again go back to watching Fox. We'll take the science from here.
1601. What was wrong with the previous landing procedure? I thought the air bag landing was very smart. This skyhook method looks like all kinds of bad waiting to happen.
1602. OH MY GOD! I can't wait for august 5! that thing is amazing piece of engineering..
1603. No this is not a waste. Shut your mouth, stop typing, and let the smarter people do what they do. If it wasn't for the serendipitous benefits we reap from inadvertent discoveries that come from science like this, you'd most likely not even be here. Which is a shame, but there's no point in dwelling about how much better the world would be without people like you.
1604. Yes, how much did this cost?  Those nickels and dimes add up and we have DOUBLED the educational spending in the last 10 years with poor results.  This project and the video are a giant waste of money.
1605. It is anything but crude... Just bloody difficult!  If money was no object, I am sure the scientists and engineers could have devised something more robust.
1606. Give the Chinese another 10 or 20 years.  Other than political will, there is no reason they could not have their own Moon landing within that time period.
1607. Did you even pay attention to any of the amazing things said and depicted in this video?  The economy is not in the tank as a result of government overspending on educational videos. Stop moaning about nickles and dimes and watch what may be (fingers crossed...) America's most spectacular accomplishment in space science and engineering.
1608. I've studied for this for quite a while. This plan just might work.
1609. thats just crazy enough.... TO GET US ALL KILLED!
1610. WHO PAID FOR THIS EXPENSIVE VIDEO?  GOVT WASTE AT ITS FINEST!  NO WONDER WE ARE BROKE!
1611. U S A!
1612. Let's get more money to fund this stuff so we get more people like you to be inspired to become engineers.
1613. Very Cool!
1614. Awesome. To think last time we just used airbags.
1615. This is never gonna work.
1616. View on a wide screen TV, and you notice a lot more animation details in the background. I have an iPad, so I connected it to my TV with an HDMI cable to view it in widescreen format. Very cool!
1617. IMO this is what NASA needs to get people interested in space again. For too long its been nothing but scientists talking about all the technical aspects of missions. This is something that is entertaining to watch and at the same time informs people of all the technical hurdles that need to be overcome. Great work to whoever thought up this concept =)
1618. K I C K  A S S ! ! !      Makes me want to go back to school and get an engineering degree!
1619. soo hard,. complicated ,...it makes me feel sad thonking one a manned mission
1620. Because Curiosity is to heavy for the old sytsem, that was used to land the other two rovers! ;)
1621. Because while you can scale up the size of the airbags, you can't scale up physics. It becomes exponentially harder to use the airbag system as you increase the mass of what you want to land. Diminishing returns basically, even though that's not the proper term for it.
1622. Herp derp.
1623. This is the most audacious Mars mission yet. Personally I favored a more redundant approach using multiple smaller rovers, science instrumentation split between the two or three of them. A failure on this one could seriously imperil future interplanetary mission funding. Its too many eggs in one basket. I give this a 60-40 chance of success. If it does work then we have taken the next great leap in planetary mission engineering and every one on the team should get a medal.
1624. uhhh whhy not make bigger bags for the rover to land on?
1625. i like balloons :D
1626. Apparently this rover was to big to put inside balloon balls, it ways near a ton, (I think).
1627. The new rover is much heavier and the martian atmosphere is much thinner so a parachute would not have slow the decent enough for a safe landing
1628. I'm talking about what I've experienced with people I've dealt with in real life. Whether you chose to believe it or not doesn't concern me but thanks for sharing XD
1629. Kudos the the filmmakers on this one.  Please fix the sync on the interviews!!
1630. Um, ur right, it is crazy.... the skycrane maneuver.... uh...wow... will be praying...
1631. I'm from the UK but I love this stuff. It shows the USA at its very best.
1632. Thank you for inspiring humanity in dark times like these.
1633. the science communities know the statistical success ratings of this and the numerical sequences takin into account for catastrophic failure. math is a wonderful tool in predictabilities and logics. with no such tool you being able to rationalize a thing is purely impossible. you think the device you used to post or to even watch this is possible without the use of math. shame how those who enjoy the simple pleasures of life take for granted the complexity of numbers used to make it easy.
1634. let me ask you this to those thinknig this is to fail. did the probe galilao fail? did Apollo 13 fail? did the First rover fail? did voyager fail? answers is no. two of which were deamed failures but ended as successes. one of which resulted in a change of plans. the only other one is still working and still transmitting on mid 20th century technology. so ye of little faiths you need to understand that having doubts and whining is falling on deaf ears...
1635. Seems neato except too many ways to fail, IMO.  Nice video.  Very complicated stages with little margins for success.  I hope it works.  We pay for it either way...  I guess that's why the design team can come up with unconventional arrival ideas...
1636. so please for the sake of humanity pipe down on illogical rederic.  its quite anoying and taking away from a marval in mechanical and electical engineering that took a many years of planning testing and precise calculations launch windows to properly excute this mission with only remote assistance when you all bicker over irrelevance of the whole.
1637. You are all talking about the numerical conversions when in fact its more about the applied physics. thrust, gravity, velocity, acceleration, mass, btu, atm, pressures, density. there is a much greater argumentation for the uses of both imperial and metric than themselves. with out such knowlegde of laws of physics from newton, einstein, and tesla, we be in one lonely dismal world locked in as primitive and lack of basic understanding.alot is takin into this and they only scratched the top to us
1638. Smells like a BIG FAIL.
1639. This rover is to big and heavy.
1640. Why didn't they use the same system as the one that was used to land the first two rovers?
1641. The latter. U must be the scientist then.
1642. They should have ended it with the crash landing of the rocket section a half-mile away with a huge explosion and mushroom cloud of smoke on the other side of a nearby mountain.
1643. DARE MIGHTY THINGS
1644. Americans can be proud that we are the only country to land men on the moon and rovers on Mars. No other country can say that. Go NASA...Go Curiosity...Go USA! We are the best at what we do
1645. Onward humans! Leave the petty bickering aside and embrace the cosmos!
1646. Cool I didn't know that. All the Americans I've come across (exchange students at Uni mainly) seem to really struggle with Metric XD
1647. Minecraft has more lines of code. ;-)
1648. Did they get Hans Zimmer for this or what?
1649. God Speed Curiosity
1650. Nasa uses Metric. They're the only ones in the US that do. Apart from the US car industry.
1651. ^^
1652. They haven't achieved it yet. Lets see what happens on the 6th of August.
1653. One could argue it was a double error: using silly units in the first place, and then forgetting to convert back to non-arbitrary units.
1654. Oh dear, my comment is invalid because I live in a wrong country. I stand corrected. So mars orbiter actually wasn't lost (-99) because of using these silly units? Whew!
1655. whats the name of the theme song?    and this is bloody amazing.
1656. Obama! Fund more Mars missions you douche bag!
1657. WHY DID OBAMA STOP FUNDING THEM?!?!?! :(
1658. This video would have been just fine without the deafening soundtrack.
1659. 43 Christian fundamentalists didn't like this video because it's not mentioned in the bible, therefore it must be Satan's trickery.
1660. I am as excited as a little girl...
1661. I'm an intern at the DFRC NASA center and if you give anyone metric units they just sort of stare at you as if you've committed some atrocity. I did use metric for calculations where convenient and then just converted back at the end.
1662. NASA doesn't always use English units. More the pity. The Mars Climate Explorer was lost in 1998 when it received data from a ground-based program in English units when it was expecting metric. Oops!
1663. NASA=Cool  I love the tagline, Dare Mighty Things.
1664. Sorry but I doubt this is going to succeed..
1665. Yea and hits Opportunity..
1666. Good luck on the landing curiosity!
1667. How much tax payer money goes on this?  Probably chump change anyway.  Probably more tax payer money guys on air-conditioning in the middle east for soldiers.  You aren't willing to spend a cent a day on exploration?
1668. When your taxes pay for it, you can pick the measurement system for the advertising video.
1669. Why not use a jump room and save the tax payers money and b.s. drama?
1670. Fun fact, NASA does everything in Imperical units. You won't find anything in metric here...
1671. I believe it flies away and crashes.
1672. What happens to the crane after releasing the tethered rover? Will it fly away and crash til its out of thrust or land safely far away?
1673. This is AWESOME. Go NASA !!
1674. One that has a clue about basic communication and realizes that the largest part of the target audience is average Americans.
1675. while lowering the probe via a cable, one can even use balloons as an extra precaution, like in the previous mission!!
1676. Can I get a window seat?
1677. Why not Neil this time too? He is still a good actor.
1678. When did this launch?
1679. All people who think that curiosity can touch down on Mars, vote me thumb's up so that we have a chance of making history. It's your choice people. Go Curiosity, go we are with you..
1680. After all this, Martian will gun it down.
1681. My new motto is "Dare mighty things".
1682. and THAT'S how you make space appeal to a broad audience: By making space EXCITING ;-) Good work
1683. I've heard there a little over half a million people LIVIHN on Mars right now:) like two-three years already.. SO, if it's true, this is just a cove up "operation-preparation" for more "cool" things in a near future.
1684. Dr. Baronovich: You must think in Metric. Otherwise the missiles won't shoot. :)
1685. They probably made this using non-metric units because NASA is from US and they made this without thinking of saying metric.
1686. We'll see.. Let yet another space race being! :)
1687. I agree that using non-metric units destroys this video. What a pity. Could you make a metric version of this for the rest of the civilized world?
1688. This is so cool!!!
1689. How can some people think science and engineer isn't cool?!
1690. There's NO WAY this is gonna work! That rover's going to be destroyed.
1691. Oh wait, maybe I hope they do.. Nah.  Would it be more important to get information from another world, or to educate some backward people about the SI-units?
1692. wait, we sent another rover? i thought this was a video of the old ones
1693. That would've been government bloat... disciplined editing won that argument.
1694. Wrong, it is *estimated* at $17.7 Billion, according to the Office of Management and Budget. And the original commenter was referring to its percentage of the US budget, which is indeed 0.5 percent, not the GDP. Genobeeno was probably simply assuming icebeodragon meant the GDP.
1695. Actually at this point there is very little doubt that SpaceX has the best of the best. Elon has really gone out of his way to hire the best engineers in the world. In another video he jokingly curses to himself for only getting 5 out of 10 of the best graduates in the country in the field of aerospace. Also Spacex has a corporate culture founded on very fast iteration and innovation. The gov't never has. I think SpaceX actually can get to Mars before NASA.
1696. 2012 NASA Budget is $19 Billion.  US GDP is about $15000 Billion.  So the NASA budget is 0.13% of US GDP. You are just proof about how stupid people do not know they are stupid.
1697. This video should last 7 minutes... :p
1698. I already knew all the details since I followed the initial announcement, the preparations, and the launch. Did you know that gov agencies are not allowed to hire publicity specialists? In these 5 min, NASA did it's best to educate folks who prefer avatars to real life. By the way, the space program gave us Velcro, and many, many, more useful everyday products and med imaging devices. My take: "Way to Go!"
1699. Federal budget $3729 billion
1700. NASA budget $19 billion
1701. I work as an unpaid library intern for NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The budget is so tight throughout NOAA that for example, there is no $ for new materials; the library relies on donations.   Considering that 70% of our earth is covered with water and there is so much that we don't yet know about our ocean world, I envy the money I see thrown at NASA.  Of course space exploration is fascinating, but what about further exploration of the earth that sustains us?
1702. A self-funded space agency has ALREADY beaten the majority of governments on Earth. In the history of space exploration only the United States,Russia,China and SpaceX have successfully launched a space capsule into orbit and brought it safely back to Earth.
1703. Exciting project, but are the annoying melodramatic music and pore-revealing closeups really necessary?
1704. As a PhD in physics, I worked at JPl for two years.  It was some of the shittiest years of my life.  I got to work on numerous projects and had one to one meetings with some of the top project and division managers.  JPL and many other NASA centers were highly inefficient sink holes for tax payers' money.  98% of the projects would be canceled after a few months or a few years of hard work.  Most people working there did not have an active part in anything related to any of the stuff you.
1705. Well.. I doubt that a self-funded space agency is going to beat any government to Mars since they usually have the best of the best on their teams but, I would love to see a man on the moon one day, whether it be SpaceX or any other government (Most likely the U.S. or Russia).
1706. No, you don't know what you are talking about. It takes hundreds of people to plan and execute the rovers' missions once they are on the surface, not to mention the cost of the rovers + spacecraft, etc.
1707. Wow, that is absolutely amazing, what a beautiful work. Congratulations!
1708. Seriously... CAN we get Megan Fox in on this video?
1709. This rover is much larger than any rover we've sent before (about the size of a small car!). So it's too heavy to use the bouncy ball thingy that spirit and opportunity used.
1710. The 60's were great.  You had your hippies who smoked weed all day and sat around doing nothing...and you had your innovators that put men on the moon despite the incredible costs.  The best of both worlds...not this stagnant, more of the same BS we live in now...
1711. An absolutely wonderful way to present science to all of us (specially young people), fascinating, gripping and exiting... now I want to know how it goes.
1712. a) because we can (you need to keep raising the bar or you won't get better) b) because the new rover is much larger and heavier as it has a lot more tasks c) it's good practice (larger payloads) for an eventual human mission d) it's probably the cheapest way to get that thing there
1713. Hm. Seems more complicated than past rover landings if I am not mistaken. Why is this one in particular so complicated? The more steps involved in the landing process the more likely it is for things to go completely wrong.
1714. NASA's FY 2011 budget of $18.4 billion represents about 0.5% of the $3.4 trillion
1715. It is less than .5% - you're over by an order of magnitude.  NASA's FY 2011 budget of $18.4 billion represents about 0.5% of the $3.4 trillion US budget.
1716. this is just great!!
1717. Sweet video! Does anybody out there know if there is any sort of planned web feed on the night of the landing?
1718. Classic example of naysayers. The same type of naysayers who said humans could never achieve powered flight. The same type of naysayers who said humans could never go faster than the speed of sound. When Galileo announced the world was not the center of the universe people like you would have said Galileo was 'just expressing his hopes'.
1719. "Dare mighty things"? How about auditing the Federal Reserve?
1720. Challenges of Getting to Mars: Curiosity's Seven Minutes of Terror       INCREDIBLE VIDEO                 SCIENCE ROCKS   If this combination of NASA and art does not make you wish you had taken more science and math in school you are dead! (Or at least art so you can make the film) (or english so you can write the script/direct) (oh hell just stay in school!) Watch it share it and be ready in a few weeks for the real thing.
1721. I can't state strongly enough how important this kind of work is. It inspires so, so many young people. It makes STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) something kids want to do as adults. The prosperity of our country is profoundly linked to STEM.
1722. Hey NASA.. you are finally doing it right.
1723. That was epic! Michael Bay would be proud.  I wish I had a trailer like this for my 7th grade e coli science project.
1724. I'm assuming at least one of you JPL geniuses could figure out how to slip your video into sync.
1725. very cool. I'm excited for the people who are a part of this project. They should be so proud.
1726. The director is John Beck, who also edited it and did the music.
1727. This needed to happen for a long time.  Well done NASA, and good luck in August.
1728. Agreed. 5 means 10, 10 means we need more funding before we can tell you 5, and 20 years means we need a whole lot of funding, more research, and you will probably never hear from us again.
1729. Ya got me, NASA...choked me right up. Dare might things, indeed!
1730. Thank you NASA for presenting the challenges of science and engineering in an exciting manner.
1731. Lips are out of sync.
1732. Great video, JPLNews, what is the name of the person who produced this video?
1733. We need somebody to hurry up and invent the warp coil...
1734. Previous rovers were lighter and smaller, the airbag bouncing landing method is less appropriate for Curiosity
1735. From Wikipedia:  Robert Hutchings Goddard (October 5, 1882 – August 10, 1945) was an American professor, physicist and inventor who is credited with creating and building the world's first liquid-fueled rocket,which he successfully launched on March 16, 1926.
1736. I am talking about telerobots, not robots. Telerobots have some ability to act autonomously, but they are mostly controlled by people who are far away from the telerobots. I know some top-level NASA engineers and scientists - they are good technicians but most of them are not creative.
1737. SpaceX,the company that made the first commercial flight to the Space Station last month,is already working on a rocket to travel to Mars. The founder of SpaceX,Elon Musk,has said it should take no longer than 20 years before his company will be sending people to Mars. Elon Musk became a billionaire after co-founding PayPal. The billions of dollars he made on PayPal are being used to fund space travel. Kind of cool when you think about. The internet is contributing to the exploration of space.
1738. This seems like an insane risk but I do hope it works.  I suppose the bouncy landing for the earlier missions was about as nutty when first considered.
1739. Go Curiosity!  I bet those poor scientists arent getting much sleep the closer we get to Mars....If this works, and I am confident it will, its another feather-in-the-cap for all of the people of our world.
1740. "The whole truth" - who in the heck knows the "WholeTruth"?
1741. Good for NASA, walking that fine line between sensationalism and science education! Exciting an interesting, while informative and accurate. I want to see more NASA productions like this!  Make space exploration something the public enjoys hearing about, something exciting! Bring it to the public eye, and make people root for it!
1742. You must of seen or heard something I did not - you or me are not going to be on Mars.
1743. Ok,you got my attention.
1744. NASA rocks. We need more funding for space exploration and less funding for wars.
1745. omg omg !!!
1746. Great video!  Made NASA sound interesting for once.  The use of engines to slow the landing even more seems pretty insane, as they would have to be perfectly still and adjusted to the weight the whole time the rover is being lowered.  Too bad the video itself only lasted 5 minutes, 8 seconds, as opposed to 7 minutes. :D
1747. I FU@KING LOVE SCIENCE!
1748. The Space program is a national life insurance policy in producing high quality engineers and scientists, both by inspiring them, challenging them, and keeping them in the country.   That alone makes it very important.
1749. So called "leetspeak" was around long before your stupid game.  Not everything is a video game reference.
1750. I think they were using leet speak there.  If not they should say they were.  Go |\|454
1751. Woohoo!  Land baby land!!
1752. 500,000 lines of COD3?  Call of Duty 3 was so 6 years ago.  Was this an intentional JOKE in video titling?  I realize it took a decade to build the rover, but 3 seconds is all it takes to correct this (by hitting 'E' not '3').  I was thinking of cutting a bunch of fish cubes into five hundred thousand lines (more than a few minutes of terror) before I looked this up so I don't sound like a complete idiot.  Crazy stuff!  Good luck mission!  Go SCIENCE coders!  Poop on spelling!
1753. Hey! Touchdown on my Anniversary!
1754. Yes, yes but what about UFOs, chemtrails, Apollo landings were a hoax, Nobiru, the Moon's in the wrong place, my underwear doesn't't fit and so? Isn't all that what YouTube is really about?
1755. Fantastic. Rekindles space exploration excitement.
1756. "Religion" is not how you spell "insanity". There's a difference.
1757. Nobody's in the rover, it's remote controlled.
1758. Marsception
1759. What happens to the guy in the rover?  Is he stuck there?
1760. Very true. This is why I don't work for NASA and these scientists do! haha
1761. What about the Mars Climate Orbiter?  Where they inputed english units instead of metric.  :)  A 327 million mistake.
1762. 1000 meters.
1763. Whatever happened to keep it simple stupid (KISS).
1764. Religion IS NOT fine....it causes wars..people die innocently because of religion
1765. Pfff, I can engineer that from scratch. Hold my beer Jeb.
1766. I have to say.  NASA sure knows how to make rover landings more complex each time.  I guess a few hundred times and NASA will be teleporting the rover to the surface.  xD
1767. You think landing a rover on Mars is hard. Picture the day when we have to land humans on Mars... And bring them back.
1768. Holly smoke, is science cool or what!
1769. And of course, we should consider the need for tele-telerobots...so that if the original telerobots have mafunctions they can repair those as well :-P
1770. I think NASA JPL has done a great job capturing the excitement and challenges of landing the Curiosity rover on Mars. This video is a radical departure from their normally bland productions, and I think it mirrors the radical approach of Curiosity itself. Well done NASA, good luck on the landing.
1771. WOW!!!
1772. These are some of the smartest people in the world. They know what they're doing. What do you know??
1773. You think the engineers at NASA chose this design out of a hat when there were simpler, less risky, designs that meet the same objectives? I think there was a lot of thought given to this, the largest yet of humanities planetary rovers. If you can think of a better way, we're all ears.
1774. Not to ask a dumb question but, what about two parachutes? Because I honestly don't think the sky-crane thing is going to work. Is there video of that working on Earth?
1775. NASA has out done themselves in producing an informative, attractive, stimulating presentation on the complexities that make engineering fun! Don't under estimate the value of presenting these complex issues in an a way that is easy to grasp, the full details are out there and this sparks interest in the dry tasks that advance man to the stars.
1776. Kurt sent me.
1777. I think science demonstrated in this way is more attractive to more people. Keep it up NASA!!!
1778. For the price of this 1 mission we America could have 100s of rovers all over Mars. Just think of the data we could have after 5 years with 100 rovers each with diffrent instramentation. America had a good rover but we lost our minds.
1779. You are in the New York Times man!!!!!!!!
1780. OK, that was supercool!
1781. Then you fail to meet the requirements, so that isnt an option.  The best design would be the design with the least risk (greatest chance of success) while still meeting the requirements (landing the rover undamaged and operational on the surface).  There are thousands of possible designs.  I am surprised that NASA considers this the least risky.  There must be some requirements that prevent the obvious simpler designs from being acceptable.
1782. We're living in the future.
1783. The simplest thing to do would be to stay home and not ever explore or challenge yourself, huh? Then we'd all be simple.
1784. You didn't have to retract the statement. But it's your comment.
1785. Losing our edge in space exploration would be disastrous.
1786. I didn't realize there were non, and I had my question answered on older models so I retract my statement.
1787. My name is stored on Curiosity.
1788. Talcum powder would not accurately recreate the Martian regolith. Through observation from Sojourner, MER-A and B they have developed a Martian soil analog to study though. And yes, they ran countless tests of every step of this process. Many of the tests are on the MarsCuriosity youtube channel.
1789. Nothing really bad about it. It simply doesn't work for a rover of this size and configuration. It has its pros and cons, just as this method does.
1790. Actually, the Chinese invented rocketry. A LONG time ago.
1791. There's nothing wrong with it. Spirit and Oppy were half the size of Curiosity. This thing is the size of a car. You do NOT want this thing bouncing around. Drop a small lego sculpture on the ground and then a big one. Which one do you think would be more likely to shatter into a million bits? The airbags won't help, it'll just rattle the insides.
1792. The thing is the size of a small car, bouncing it across the surface of Mars is NOT a good idea.
1793. What solar panels? The thing is nuclear powered, it doesn't have solar panels.
1794. SO COOL!!
1795. "Invented rocketry"?  You mean no one else anywhere was working on rocketry?
1796. I'd like to know what was so bad about the old airbag bouncy landing used by previous rovers.
1797. I think it's because this robot is about as big as a small car.
1798. Thing is, this rover will stay there. And what you mentioned is one of the main reasons we're not sending people there.
1799. awesome
1800. !!! Favourited before the end of the video! Go Curiosity! Dare mighty things! :)
1801. The Earth looks do peaceful from orbit, hard to believe it's populated by so many idiots.  Well done JPL, The US attack budget should be yours to spend.  Did I mention idiots?  God I hate politics!
1802. That would be hilarious if it didn't make it.
1803. the martians...
1804. Perhaps you should learn more about the problem before you start critiquing hundreds of Phd's from the peanut gallery.
1805. its unmanned. they woudn't need so much coding if a crew could do it. Just informing you.
1806. This is the best NASA video I've ever seen, bar none! I've been following Curiosity for months now, and will be glued to Nasa online Aug 5th. This video is what I've imagined it would look like in my mind's eye, only better!
1807. No, it's an unmanned rover. We've never sent humans to Mars, and it's so difficult to do so that we aren't likely to for the next 20 years at least.
1808. Do you mean "when will they start the voyage?" The craft launched months ago, and is now very near Mars. It will land in about a month.
1809. Imagine the whole world...work together to help improve science and deeper exploration into the space....these things will never happen because there is this useless thing call religion blocking its way
1810. Yeah, I also wondered why they didn't just used the old landing method like with Spirit and Opportunity or Pathfinder
1811. NewTRAlLERS is a troll ppl.  come on.
1812. Well, space exploration is an important milestone in technical advances, for science, and utilities. Can you remember the Apollo Program? That program employed 400,000 people and helped develop many technologies that we take for granted, like the computer, and Velcro. And rocketry, which helps in defending the nation. Now, the Moon is only a quarter of a million miles away. Mars is fifty million! We can only imagine the technical advances that would arise from such an endeavor.
1813. Because hopefully many years after your pointless life is done, people from earth can migrate there. These are the first steps we need to take so we can make that happen. Earth not going to last forever and Mars is the best suited place to settle.
1814. I think its because they might want to terraform it maybe? I mean earth is pretty crowded, another planet might be useful.
1815. haha exactly my thought
1816. why? why not? what do you care about, lemme guess beer and chicks right?
1817. thumbs up to the nasa group great work
1818. Because we have limited time for human life to exist on Earth. For human-kind to continue to exist, we must venture to the other planets and eventually other stars. I know YOU don't care, because you'll already be dead when that happens, but do you care at all for your kids or your grand kids? That is your ONLY way to achieve immortality -- your genetic code living on in your offspring. Care at all now?
1819. Nah, the money they cut doesn't go to any of those things, it just goes into the pockets of rich people.
1820. Danged complex for a project that needs zero failures.  My first worry was that even at 21 meters up, the landing rockets could still stir up enough dust to compromise instruments.  Hopefully there are details they didn't take time to tell us WRT the instruments.    Hopefully they tested it over a bed of talcum powder.
1821. What your seeing isn't "real science stuff," instead your just seeing a cool animation of how the landing process works. If it was real science you would see the math, materials, etc used... in which 95% of people wouldn't understand.
1822. There are better, safer, cheaper ways of landing and running remotely controlled rovers on the Mars. We need rovers that are modular so that they can be repaired and upgraded by small telerobots. The telerobots can also clean the rovers. All spacecraft should be equipped with the small telerobots to make sure that minor malfunctions do not become disasters.
1823. They gotta put it in terms that a normal layman can understand. It's a PR video after all. I agree though, with my education in physics I'd rather see SI units.
1824. Pounds? Miles? In science related stuff?
1825. i remember this from spirit and opportunity
1826. 33 people failed getting to Mars
1827. y am i here
1828. 2:33 Science: It's a Girl Thing! <<< for real....
1829. Good Luck & GOD speed
1830. Perhaps you can come up with something simpler that can safely land this thing without destroying it, smart ass.
1831. This rover is about 10 times heavier - it is the size of a small car. The airbags would not be able to handle that impact.
1832. this is so cool
1833. We can't stay on Earth forever. Humanity has a desire to constantly improve and explore.
1834. Cry harder.
1835. Wow, you are one rude person.
1836. Wow, you are one stupid person.
1837. Unlike you the rest of us are waiting in the real world. =) When you're ready come join us.
1838. This is incredible will be watching this!!
1839. No they didnt want more funding justification - idiot! this is the best means of landing it.. do you know a thing about it?  The last 2 were 180kg.. this thing is over 900!  its the size of a small car!  you couldnt cushion it in a bouncy ball unless it was the size of a football field! And that would be way too big to get there, inflate etc etc..  You think the people at nasa didnt think it all through?  Or you are somehow smarter ??
1840. This is gonna end in tears.
1841. i found their channel on both ustream and on official NASA pages. thanks for response good man
1842. NASA Television is on Ustream for free and they'll cover it there. Just Google NASA TV HD USTREAM and you'll find the HD NASA TV
1843. This rover is much larger (about the size of a car), and the landing is aiming for a much smaller target area.
1844. i asked JPL guys in other video but they didnt respond. Do you maybe know if stream will be free to view, or we will have to pay for it?
1845. God speed, JPL engineers!
1846. The space program brought quite a few things that you use in your daily life, the computer you're watching this on is among them... While the 2nd WW brought a lot of innovation, the later (normal) wars brought none, they just created more debt and corpses...oh, and don't forget about the wounded, those are probably also good for advancement... or not?
1847. bilble? wtf are you talking about
1848. It will be live on NASA TV like usually, they stream worldwide.
1849. Why isn't this getting world wide TV coverage like the moon landings?  This is just as big if not bigger. All we ever hear about these days is world economy crashing..Syria, Afghanistan wars and terrorism....lets see something exiting for once.
1850. "harmless drug offenders," hahahahaha.
1851. Can't wait for this.
1852. You are one of THOSE people. Dumb people.
1853. Dare Mighty Things!   Yes!    REPRESENT!
1854. well, why don't you tell NASA that.
1855. Yes, lets cut the best thing that the United States has ever done in favor of building more weapons, killing more people, starting more needless wars, putting harmless drug offenders in prison, fencing the borders, and putting the bible at every desk in public schools.
1856. Can we use music besides Mind Heist for dramatic stuff?
1857. These videos are awesome.
1858. That really is gong to be seven minutes of terror, got my fingers crossed for you guys.
1859. This is one of the coolest, most impressive things I've seen in a long time.  Here's hoping it all works!
1860. Keep in mind, that rover is the size of a small car, not an easy task so I hope it works. I'm looking forward to extremely high detailed images of the surface of Mars and be able to imagine myself actually standing there on another planet.
1861. Thank you.  Im very overprotective when it comes to NASA ^_^
1862. Once again, NASA's budget is ONE HALF OF ONE PERCENT of the total US budget.  Not mentioning the fact that NASA achievements can help lead the US to better times.  During Apollo, we all dreamed of tomorrow, then we stopped going and we stopped dreaming.  Lets be bold and double their budget, send men back to the moon, and start dreaming again as a country.
1863. Ohh yea, because those elderly people who have to choose between rent, food and medicine are really just moochers, just like those wounded soldiers who get "socialized medicine'  OoooOOOOoooo.....spooky.
1864. They have, in higher res it looks nothing like a face.  Google it, read Bad Astronomy blog, etc.
1865. what if mars used to be populated with people like us but they became so overpopulated that their atmosphere was filled up with carbon dioxide
1866. i'd rather money go to NASA than to social programs that spoil greedy baby boomers..........
1867. Showoffs  :P I hope it all works, it's about time to change my desktop background!  Also, why won't nasa take a closer look at the face on mars and the so called pyramids? I mean at least then we could put it to rest once and for all.
1868. Did they full scale test this thing?
1869. Haha ok. Peace bruv :)
1870. Ah. Well phooey. I suppose I'm concerned that there are simply so many things that can go wrong. We shall see...
1871. I’m looking forward to the Nova episode on their ∞σ quality process.
1872. Over the years, we've come to greatly respect the engineers at JPL. NASA, in general, whether one believes, as we do, that space exploration is a vital national strategic interest, has to be respected for nearly always being on-time and on-budget with its projects. If anyone other than JPL were behind the extraordinary design of this terminal descent through The Great Bird of the Galaxy that swallows spacecraft at Mars, I would believe they were styling hubris. As it is, I think it should work.
1873. It's funny that they say "It looks crazy", when the last time they landed a rover they dropped it from 20 meters in an airbag cocoon. I think this might be a tad bit more benign than that :)
1874. That's one complicated landing procedure O.o  I'm keeping my fingers crossed on aug the 5th.
1875. what are you, Pakistani ?
1876. Get away from people like you who'd rather fund the ability to kill each other? Not to mention continuing the trend of inventions and discoveries spun off from the space program helping improve life for the populace at large?
1877. Not hardly. The *big* Apollo shot was *11*, after all, with the first lunar landing. There were also the Mercury and Gemini programs before that, with orbital and suborbital shots. And as sakar181 points out, that's just the US side of things--the Russians had quite a few manned missions as well.
1878. *laugh* I'm amused that both you and Gudwin2334 commented on the number--it's the 'cod3' part I was objecting to. Biff-speak (or 'leet' as they're calling it this time around) has no place in decent science.I'm surprised noone has asked what Call of Duty has to do with it, either. But yes, NASA has (usually) some *excellent* coders--consider the power of what we used to get to the moon and back, after all...about the level of a C64.
1879. Or worse, we hear Michael Bay yelling, 'Called it!' ;-)
1880. Yes and no--the other landers used a different landing system than this, didn't they, with a somewhat inaccurate 'bouncy ball' airbag system, while this one is geared more towards precision landing?
1881. Might want to look up the term 'drouge chute' (thought admittedly I probably mis-spelled that). It's not meant to *stop* the lander, just slow it down significantly--part of the whole problem is that while Earth has a thick enough atmosphere for chutes to be effective on their own (see Apollo capsules, for example), Mars' atmosphere is too thin for that.
1882. Not so much 'dust-proof' as it is a concern about not being 'sand-blast proof' or 'bury-proof'. Normal dust, it's fine with--the problem is that the rocket exhaust would be kicking it up past sandstorm intensities in close vicinity.
1883. ok so, you're actually using the speech that you find inappropriate.  can't tell if trolling or just stupid.
1884. Did you watch Mir come down?  Just curious.
1885. Cheers!
1886. I raise my beer to you, in hopes of a successful touchdown!
1887. Well, it's good to believe in people. Not pretentious really. I'm excited about the mission. But i started getting angry at this "make it look impossible" pattern documentaries are following. I guess we could both settle for good and informative videos.
1888. wow you're quite the economist.  but not really, i was kidding.
1889. why? is it actually 1,000,000?
1890. I like you man, puttin all the trolls to shame, keep up the good service for the sake of youtube
1891. All of humanity needs to know about things like this.  I think I get your total point now, that if we have to lure the public into this with a flashy show, then they really dont deserve it....but, you're wrong.  The knowledge the universe holds is for all of us, not just the few that can appreciate telemetry coming back on a screen in text.  Im sorry if I sound pretentious.
1892. they should make the tv series called '7' instead of 24
1893. I didn't say this is something of minor importance. It is a great achievement, but you don't have to make it sound like you are throwing a flaming ball of iron on mars and hoping it will work. It's very interesting, complicated and well planned, so if someone needs such a "rush"  to appreciate it, he's not worth of knowing about it. It is risky. But not that much.
1894. Fine, I'll grant you that.  It still doesnt diminish the magnitude of whats being attempted with this landing, nor does it warrant your flagrant disregard for the risk.
1895. That's my point.
1896. What about it?  They had flight simulators then, in which they ran simulations.  Sure, they didnt have supercomputers running thousands of virtual flights simultaneously to see outcomes because they *didnt have the tech*!  Hell, a student calculator has more computing ability than the entire Apollo craft.
1897. 1970. Simulations?
1898. Hmm, because 'this crap' is 1/2 of 1% of the federal budget, and war is orders of magnitude more expensive?  Plus, theres the whole thing about discovering the nature of the universe, gaining more knowledge, and the like...which is orders of magnitude more enriching to humanity than murdering people on other continents for reason X.
1899. So wrong.  Vostok 1 was the first manned space vehicle; a Russian craft launched in 61.  Apollo 8 was the first to leave Earth orbit in 68.  I grant your point about technological advance, yet am ambiguous as to your point.  My point is that even though our tech is better, Curiosities landing will me another first in spaceflight, and contains many variables.  To dismiss the anticipation as "hype" is ignorant & shortsighted.  7 minutes of terror is an understatement.
1900. You probably dont know that NASA's budget is 0.5% of the national budget, do you?  Yet, with that fraction of a percent, they man their facilities, built the ISS, send probes and rovers throughout the solar system, and share their awe inspiring discoveries with all of humanity.  Perhaps you dont think knowledge is worth all that much.  Perhaps you're part of the problem.
1901. i do not agree with @iliasasdf . i think this machine is a gateway to future. to reply to sakar181. applo 13 was lanched in 1970. the FIRST manned piece of metal in outer space. technology was nothing compared to what we have today. not to mention there are many more coding languages that will help in guding Curiosity.
1902. Apollo 11 overshot the LZ cause the Lem had 2 different radar systems on when it should have only had on the landing radar.  That caused them to move off course and caused the program alarms they experienced.  It was a buffer overflow......I believe.  I allow myself a margin of error :P
1903. Hmm, they thought they had run every possible situation in a sim when Apollo 13 launched.  They learned otherwise.
1904. Good Luck isA :)
1905. Busquen la cura al cancer y no melesten a los otros planetas manga de petes
1906. Curiosity killed the.....
1907. "Silly"? Perhaps you've spent billions of dollars and had a huge team of leading scientists working on the problem for the last 10 years and come up with a better design.  Care to share it?
1908. could be more complicated please, maybe putting moAr rockets, and wheels, and other extremelly expensive un effective parachute
1909. well erm its kinda already worked before, u do realize they sent a bunch of rovers there before right, in '04
1910. I know right when there's so many better things to spend time and money on like war and genocide
1911. SO MUCH COULD GO WRONG
1912. I hope the MRO is a very good cameraman.
1913. I thought it sounded more like the music from the Prometheus trailers. I don't know if they're the same.
1914. 14 minutes of killing spree at control center.... "FOUND A COOK BOOK IT'S A COOK BOOK!!!!"
1915. Yes, it is; that's what I meant.  We're in a place where we can pursue the future for its own sake, like the Egyptians building their pyramids - we owe it to ourselves to do that, rather than constantly asking "What's in it for me?"
1916. Sending millions of dollars worth of equiptment 225 million km away and not making it dust-proof. Brilliant.
1917. Believe it or not the "amount" of code is not that huge, the physics behind all that are complicated.
1918. Tests and simulations have covered almost every possible scenario. They know the error margins and the probability of failure. Hypersonic parachutes and heatshields have been used many times before. Precise guidance in hypersonic speeds as well as autonomous navigation based on radars is quite tricky, but probably tested enough.
1919. Still a better love story than Twilight!
1920. I want to leave my job and go to work for JPL!!! Inspiring!!!
1921. Mostly to get rich.  We have loftier goals these days :)
1922. ....and after all that some martian walks up and smashes it to smithereens.
1923. appalling huh, now thats funny.
1924. appalling lighting on the interviews,,,, otherwise, far out man .;
1925. Well, considering that without those systems, it wouldn't land at all--they explained pretty well why each stage was needed. And given the way the final stage works, I'm presuming the whole system is being used because it's more *accurate* at landing at a specfic target than the old 'bouncy-ball airbag' system was.
1926. Though whoever did the bit with '500,000 lines of cod3' needs to be smacked.
1927. AMAZING
1928. its because engineers arent stupid. and engineering is not simple.
1929. 14 minutes of waiting to see a response?  Gosh, and I thought my internet connection was frustrating...
1930. Lol, epic subtitles...  1:05  - (music crescendos- dark pounding drums)
1931. Let's hope nobody mixed up their imperial and metric units of measure this time!
1932. Poke Yoke have 5 principle, Facilitation is the most efficient way to step into failure.
1933. Apparently the engineers have not heard of KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid).  I hope it works, but they increased risk quite a lot by using so many different systems to land this thing.
1934. I hope one of the rovers on mars already shoots it.
1935. what in the Hollywood studio?
1936. Incredible video. These humans are worth fighting for!
1937. Coming soon in the best cinemas!
1938. What an unbelievable video, my jaw dropped all through the 5 minutes. This is my kind of Star Trek episode, the real thing! NASA has advanced human kind through all their designs, findings and work throughout the years. A big thanks to all the NASA engineers and crews. God Bless America!
1939. The rover is too large and heavy this time.
1940. lol nasa ever heard of the KISS principle?  Kelly Johnson is turning in his grave
1941. It's crap like this that makes me proud to be American. We're the only nation in the world to come up with a plan so insane, have the hubris to actually think it'll work, and then pull it off like it's "No Great Thang(TM)."  I'm wondering why they didn't use the omni-directional beach-ball method that they used for Spirit and Opportunity...I mean that was a three month mission that's still going on after how many years?
1942. If this works this will be the greatest astro-engineering accomplishment of our current time.
1943. The skycrane is not a maneuver. It's a technique and piece of equipment.
1944. NASA...I love you.
1945. Its not going to work.
1946. Heck yes! This landing will be an epic achievement if it succeeds.
1947. oh cmon. this kind of dramatic documentary sucks!
1948. I am really excited about it. But I don't mean to be pessimistic, but it might not work. So many new things could fail.
1949. like
1950. BECAUSE SCIENCE, DAMMIT! SCIENCE!
1951. music is by john beck hofmann, who is also the director of the video. the music can be found on his youtube channel.
1952. Parts most likely to fail in my opinion. Heatshield nose cone and parachute.  If that sky crane deploys without hitting the backshell I reckon the hard part is over. MLEs will take MSL safely down to the ground.
1953. Who the music is by?
1954. 19 people still think that Neil never put his foot in the moon
1955. Its human nature to test where we can get to and If we can't we find away around the problem and try agan.
1956. Awesome video! I'd like to see more of this stuff
1957. NASA>>>Seal Team 6?
1958. Warthog ready!! at 4:24
1959. Because there could be water! and because we can and that's awesome.
1960. i just made a paper airplane
1961. why have i only found out about this channel today?! subscribed and looking forward to watching the other videos on te channel :)
1962. Maravilloso...
1963. send john carter
1964. SourceFed sent me :)
1965. Has there ever been a more complicated way to land anything?  If so, did it work?
1966. fook me sideways, that looks really difficult...wish u luck!!
1967. thought the same thing, lol
1968. This felt way more intense than it should be.
1969. 17 people used a bouncing ball landing.
1970. the hell is cod3?
1971. Man, that is a complex ass planet entry. But if anyone can do it, it's those people.
1972. Unmanned?  Dang it!  I'll never get to Pigfarts!
1973. Hype?  HYPE?!?  This is the largest, most complex unmanned rover ever sent out into the planets that man has ever created!  How can something like this be hyped *too much*, tell me that.
1974. holy crap! Amazing. Whoever put this video together deserves some kind of award.  It gave me goose bumps.
1975. The reason the systems are so complex is because there is error margin, most of the time there are systems covering the failure of a secondary system. Hard? Yes. Don't hype so much.
1976. I want that game!!!
1977. and still no flying car.. :(
1978. I'll be watching
1979. "500,000 L1NES OF COD3." -- NASA
1980. Bouncy ball had 385lb rovers.  This one weighs just shy of 2000lbs.  Maybe not impossible to bouncy ball this one as well, but thats going to be a pretty big ball.  Plus you don't get as much control over where you land with bouncing vs a controlled decent.
1981. Yes, killing hundreds of thousands in the name of catching a 60yr old man and his small group of retards all because they killed a minuscule amount of people........ Makes sense.
1982. Not over complicated at all.....
1983. thumbs if your name it will be there too
1984. Because you bomb poor people in third world countries you get their oil to do the mars thing. Yes, you've definitely lost your way, but that's prior to Apollo.
1985. Lol, here there would be a good use for the "Trust me, im an engineer." thing XD
1986. I agree that the deployment of troops on the ground is no longer a sound strategy and that occasional intervention (like in Libya) is the right way to go about, so I think we have a bit of miscommunication. I commented here because the initial comment is just a very poor one.
1987. I had a Q&A session with the leader of the mission - the Rover is the size of a VW Beetle, therefore a bouncing ball is not a viable option.
1988. Your kidding me. We've lost our way since Apollo? The Apollo 11 mission, which was the first landing on the moon, occurred in 1969 which was also the peak of the Vietnam War.  And what "poor people" of "third world countries" are we "bombing" besides the ones who reside in terrorist hubs that the US govt is doing a pretty good job of handling with the use of precision strikes from drones.
1989. Awesome video! That's what I call rocket science.
1990. You may want to look up what Poka yoke means. Not utlising less parts, but making sure there is no way you can do it wrong. Sure less parts means less things to go wrong, but that doesnt mean that more parts is automatically a bad thing.  A project must contain no more and no less design features than is needed for it to complete its goal. In your opinion, which steps should they have cut? and why?
1991. Why SHOULD we have had a man on mars? because it would have been cool? No argument there, but as long as the people dont see reason to go to mars (or anywhere else) then why should any gouvernment decide to go?  Maybe we have lost our way. But when we go out there again we need a better reason than "Go to the moon before the russians get there"
1992. Because they have to sell it to people that just don't understand how difficult this is. If you can get into the brain of the people that watch IDOLS or whatever by making something like this... well that is progress. But it has passed my MOM test. I showed my mom and she got that it was exciting.
1993. The bouncing ball wouldn't have worked because Curiosity is much heavier than the other rovers who used the technique.
1994. That'll show them martians who's boss.  Better dead than red!
1995. hmmm, sounds easy :)
1996. Why must Americans over-dramatise everything? Listen to that music.
1997. seems so overly complex. how did they get the last rovers on mars? did they use the same method?
1998. Too many steps...... this is MUST fail project.   Those involve engineer need to attend a poka yoke course.
1999. Good Luck JPL!
2000. exactly!! tats wat we are..Aliens to other planets!
2001. This is cool.  NASA should be publicizing their missions to the public in exciting ways like this.  It will encourage public support of space exploration and scientific missions in general.
2002. Too heavy. No amount of bouncy balls will get a mini cooper sized rover unscathed onto a planet.
2003. Sagan & my dad shouda seen this.
2004. How can 14 people dislike this?
2005. Are we the ALIENS who are sending strange smart UFOs to other planets now ? :D
2006. Imagine watching this from Mars surface as an alien thinking "uh oh"
2007. I'd love to see the full unedited 7 minutes of the actual landing footage, that is, if they have cameras running during the entry.
2008. I feel sorry for you. I really do.
2009. Actually... I won't get into the poor people, bombing and all but he's almost right on the budget.  Actually it's 7/10 of 1 penny on the dollar that NASA gets.  All things considered, they do well with the money they get.  Voyager I is still transmitting after 35 years in space.  It will go forever... until it hits something.  I digress.
2010. The only hard part about getting to mars is the budget, we could send a million of these things to mars, there is no difficulty at all. Sending humans is a much bigger problem.
2011. It's too heavy for the drop method using the inflatable air bags.
2012. John Beck Hoffman filmed and edited this video....absolutely amazing work.
2013. Adorei a Produção Gráfica utilizada nenhum vídeo. :)
2014. I call for a documentary movie please.
2015. "...we spend all our precious resources on bombing poor people..."  You mean those poor people who hijack jetliners and fly them into skyscrapers full of people, all in the name of allah? Bombing those "poor people"?   Actually, in the great scheme of things, most of our money goes into social spending of one sort or another. It's about 65% of the budget. NASA about 1-1/2%, defense about 25%. The wars are supplemental appropriations.
2016. These people are better than you.
2017. because bombing people in third world countries gets votes and wins elections...  politicians are there for their own good and not for the good of their country or mankind...  putting people on mars will not win an election.
2018. Seems like a lot of moving parts. What happened to the bouncing ball? We should have had man on Mars for 30 years now. Instead, we spend all our precious resources on bombing poor people in third world countries. we've lost our way since Apollo. :(
2019. Engineers FTW!
2020. Come on Nasa. All that is missing to this blockbuster trailer is Megan Fox as the chief scientist. The only reason why I forgive you for this trick is that this video, engineered to look amazing, does look amazing :) We want more !!!
2021. There is actually since 1920-30 and a lot more stuff have been made that would make our life easier. Founding space exploration is good because if we can as human species do wonderfull stuff in space then scientists will think that anything on Earth is possible and this is when all the discoveries will be made. Think for a moment about your life, what do you do to help humanities. how big companies are selling you objects that break after 1 year when in fact they know how to build durable stuff.
2022. how does that have anything to do with going to mars?
2023. still no cure for cancer...
2024. I love how this video fits nicely into the action-movie-trailer genre.  We'll restore public interest in space exploration yet!
2025. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2026. Hi Mark. I hope you are right! In New Zealand, 'Landing Night' is likely to be 'the night before' it's aired in the States. I will be keeping an eye out for any promos on our Sky TV. Thanks for the heads up.
2027. Perfect!
2028. I agree that money would be well spent into the hungry, but better to take it from military budgets, far larger than science budgets. if it weren't by science research, you wouldn't be using a computer to write that (think quantum mechanics), nor living a life that could last twice as long than your ancestors of a mere couple of centuries ago.
2029. Just to land.
2030. The video states that it will land at 10:31 PDT August 5th.
2031. Only 500,000 lines of code?
2032. Yes.  "Martian Mega Rover" will air landing night on National Geographic Channel
2033. Bricks have been shatnered.
2034. Did J. J. Abrams make this video? Love it!!
2035. Where is a nasa space exploration video game. Good idea??
2036. redkb
2037. can you imagine how much money russians can save,if they don't drink in future :D
2038. dude, you just blew your $2.5 billion.
2039. Just. Wow.
2040. why are there two of these videos?
2041. It does seem very ambitious - i realy hope it all goes right - then we can look forward to years of more video and pictures and data from mars.  Please dont do a beagle and plow into a mars at a thousand mph..
2042. it lowers the last 20m on the 21ft cables- so obviously the hover pad thingy is still gently descending some at this stage- they never said the 20m lowering has to be all done by the cables.
2043. Its far too heavy- spirit and opportunity were 180kg each - curiosity is like 900kg- the size of a small car..  Its just too big and heavy for the bouncing airbag trick to work.
2044. has this mission launched already?
2045. john beck hofmann composed the score- it can be found on his youtube channel
2046. the music was composed by john beck hofmann - the "inception" feel was intentional as that soundtrack was used as a temp track to edit to. you can find a copy of it on his youtube channel.
2047. the music was done by john beck hofmann. you can find it on his youtube page of the same name.
2048. Godspeed
2049. IIRC; Curiosity is a lot bigger and heavier than Spirit and Opportunity, so the "bouncing ball" method might not be feasible.
2050. Watching this video makes me feel like I'm in the future I dreamed of as a kid. WOW. Thanks NASA and good luck!!!
2051. SCIENCE!
2052. rover party sounds awesome.
2053. The US has nothing to gain from exploring other countries, and can't really fund such activities.  The research and development that goes into aerospace engineering can trickle down to consumer-level products, adding industrial/economic value to the existing scientific and educational value.
2054. Curiosity is too big to do the bouncing method - it's the size of a car!
2055. This was a great video, but did it really need such a dramatic intro? The radical engineering behind the probe landing is dramatic enough on its own.
2056. I'm sooo throwing a party and donating money to science clubs if this works.
2057. Why the amazingly complex method, rather than the bouncing ball approach from last time?
2058. This is 80 % entertainment bullshit and 20 % information. Reminds me of why I stopped watching television for anything useful in the first place. If I wanted to watch a drama I'd watch a fucking reality tv. One would have to find content to read to actually get any sort of information on the topic being dramatized here.
2059. Water not in liquid form on the surface - obviously!  They are looking for ice in or under the surface layers.  On some moons there are suspected huge water oceans below miles of ice..  But none of these would give you clouds!  And quite a few planets/moons have
2060. LIGHT SPEED, NASA!!!!!!
2061. Conversely, if there are no water clouds (which haven't been observed) does that mean there is no water?
2062. I read about this last year and didn't think it could sound any more awesome than it already was. Wrong.
2063. cool
2064. Oh sorry I did not realize you were a Rocket scientist. How do you know it wont work
2065. It's probably too heavy to use the previous landing technique.
2066. Really, NASA? Pounds? Miles? I thought better of you.
2067. Sounds like a knock-off of the inception music. Probably from some generic sound library.
2068. It weighs too much. (900kg/2000lb) It's about the size of a small SUV.
2069. It's a good thing Science loves variables!
2070. The sound of this video make me thinking of Inception.
2071. What music are they using?
2072. Can't wait for the Janitor rover mission to clean up all these other rovers... No but really, this is awesome, there really are some smart people in the world. I just hope they can get humankind to Mars before I die, I missed the Moon landing by a good few years so I'd love to see that.
2073. My understanding is that this rover is much heavier, and that technique (airbag bounce) would not be effective.
2074. Why they don't just used the landing technique used before with the spirit and opportunity rover?
2075. Too many variables?  Welcome to extra-planetary exploration, which we've been at for several decades now (in case you missed it).  That's some really worthwhile armchair expert analysis though, and I'll give you a banana sticker for using your words.
2076. They're trying to get idiots whose world has become as small as their cell phone and twitter feeds are interested in space travel again by using a few hollywood tricks. Give em a break.
2077. To many variables. It wont happen. But........ good luck.
2078. It's dramatized for the media dude.  "Dust" was never a problem for the old rovers.  As a matter of fact Martian wind cleans them from time to time.  They have other more important technical reasons for landing like this.  Prolly the most important is to experiment with Matian flight and collect data for future flying.
2079. 5 Teabaggers disliked this amazing video
2080. Fantastic video!  This is the way NASA needs to promote all of its missions to make them as exciting to the average person as they really are!
2081. The Curiosity rover uses a nuclear reactor not a solar panel array.
2082. I hope that NASA and its projects aren't like every other government entity in that everything is made 10 times more difficult than it has to be.  There is a lot that could easily go wrong with the plan they came up with.  Hopefully everything works out because the new rover mission sounds exciting.
2083. We will sail from Jasoom and arrive at Barsoom to harness ninth ray isolates? What will happen when we meet the Therns
2084. This entire mission is like the culmination of my own personal, lifelong obsession with Mars. The trailer has my heart beating fast and adrenaline pumping; this is going to be so awe-inspiring.
2085. EPIC! Can't hardly wait for August 5th!
2086. Great music! Who wrote it?
2087. Qui audet vincit "Who Dares, Wins"
2088. Absolutely amazing. Makes me proud of being engineer.
2089. This is one of the most incredible feats of engineering I have ever seen! My hat is off to NASA for attempting such a daring and difficult task. Good luck and happy landings to the Curiosity rover!
2090. Whats wrong with the airbag envelope like they used on the Sojourner Rover years ago with complete success... Ah, they must need more Government funding so they must make it more complicated than necessary to justify their bloated budget.
2091. Wow, quite a lot happening here - Good luck guys
2092. You guys are unsung heroes!
2093. Thats so cool. Can't wait till this happens. Would love to see it covered by the mainstream news.
2094. "Not because they are easy, but because they are hard"... John F. Kennedy
2095. Amazing.
2096. It's too large for airbag landing. It's the size of a small car.
2097. Same people that call guns evil.  Well guess what, spoons make people fat.
2098. No doubt this mission is super cool. But NASA, your sound on the video is out of sync. Come one, guys. You can do better than that if you land spacecraft on Mars!
2099. Seems to be a Steven Spilbert movie....but is actually gonna happen in August.... Well done guys....great movie..!!!
2100. Great video!  Carl Sagan would be proud. This is the most ambitious and daring attempt yet and I wish the best of luck to NASA and JPL and all who are working to make this happen.  If we do not explore, we do not grow.   "Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.--Carl Sagan."
2101. And they managed to do it with 500,000 lines of cod3.
2102. I totally agree with your statement, but you have to admit it... NASA is totally insane. But anyways, good luck JPL team, I hope curiosity lands safely and I'm looking foward to pictures!
2103. Curiosity is too big for air bags.
2104. OH.  MY.  GOD.  And did you know that another involved in the project, von Karman, was Jewish!!  Dear, lordy Jesus!!  Some sort of hideous amalgamation of the OTO and Judism is attacking our little old nation!!  Won't someone please help us?  Won't someone think of the children?!?!
2105. This might just be the most awesome thing I ever saw.
2106. i'm pretty confident that a computer is better at interpeting data and acting on it than a human, and as long as nobody is sitting in this thing i don't think a human would be able to land it as sucessfully as a computer, if at all.
2107. Wow! Great video. I feel Nasa needs to do more of this sort of promotion to get people on board.  In the meantime, best of luck with the landing and I'll be keeping an eye on events on the day!
2108. Just one more comment. Is National Geographic going to do a doco about MSL. They made one for Spirit and Opportunity.
2109. Good Luck, Godspeed, and have a soft landing!
2110. It's just my opinion, but I think this mission is as important and as exciting as the Gemini and Apollo missions back in the 1960s. Indeed, I can't think of a mission since that is as exciting or has had as much promotion and information broadcast about it. If the team at JPL succeed, I think they will deserve every scientific and engineering medal going. My best wishes to all involved from the lead scientists and engineers and the people who cut the metal and did up all the screws. Good Luck!
2111. BTW I hope MRO is going to image all this!
2112. What do I gotta do with it? ;  )  Cant wait till Aug 5!
2113. if you could watch it live then this system would have a user control interface to allow a human to make ajustments. therefore making it more succseful. much more then taking a wild shot in the dark
2114. Best of Luck for the Curiosity team :D
2115. Viking engineering!!1
2116. WINNING!!!
2117. Until they do it with people on board! :D
2118. Curiosity Mars Rover Landing: New 2012 National Rube Goldberg Machine Contest winner
2119. if i understood you correctly, what you are talking about is heating a material, increasing the energy and thereby making it expand in volume. the other thing with different atoms inbetween is done with alloys for example. but that doesn't help your fight against gravity, it can only makes something less heavy, but still heavy. even hydrogen (the lightest element) has positive mass, the only reason it floats up is the same that wood floats in water. less mass per volume than the surroundings.
2120. My goodness, if technology hasn't improved anyone's life, especially yours, go live under a rock please.
2121. There won't ever be a way to watch a Mars rover land "live" because Mars will always be at least a few light minutes from Earth
2122. how do you think rockets get into earth orbit for example? they are close enough to be monitored live, still a computer does all the steering. also the x37 landed completely on autopilot out of orbit. i'm pretty sure it doesn't make a difference if someone is watching or not. even if you could see the data live, if there was a major failure there would probably be nothing you could do to save it.
2123. unfortunately, yes =) in fact science has yet to discover what exactly gives matter it's mass in the first place. thats why they build huge atom-smashers like the LHC.
2124. i realy just cant see this working. its too adventurous for our tech atm especialy without a live feed. i know they cant do it live because of the distance but in say 20 years when theres a way to watch it land live. then this may work
2125. My god why are there so many clueless idiots posting in this awesome video. NASA is not evil, technology is not evil.... it depends on what you do with it...  And what nasa/jpl is doing here is just one of the best thing humans can do.... Explore! Great job guys and great video!
2126. all interesting ideas i admit, but helium has the same problem as parachutes: less dense atmosphere = less effect. i didn't calculate the effect right now, but i guess it won't help a lot more than the parachute alone. also the metallic parachutes won't help, because not the entry speed is the problem (which is done with the heat shield), but the terminal velocity on the parachute. the x37b would have to be a lot bigger and would more likely have to look like a big sailplane to work on mars. =)
2127. you have to remember that mars' atmosphere is 100 times less dense than earth's, that means a parachute has 100 times less impact on slowing down the lander. that's why on the parachute it is still falling at about 200 miles/hour (~320 km/h),
2128. :D
2129. FUUUUUU!!!! ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)    I just realized that this event is just at the Time when my exams at the ETH Zurich start!!  But I hope that the degree in Electrical Engineering will make it possible to  take part on such awesome projects like Curiosity.
2130. I've done all of those things. Well, I don't think I've ever intentionally used GPS, but the rest I've done. Why are you telling me I haven't? That's a bit weird.
2131. Awesome video. Exciting time.
2132. People can't find enough in the world as it is to entertain themselves for a few decades until they die? Fuck.
2133. How else am I meant to argue it, son? There's only one world I can live on/in and I'm not ready to kill myself yet. It's like saying "lol u dnt like da govment thn leave da country lolol"
2134. God bless America and its unparalleled motivation to reduce everyone's quality of life.
2135. hardly a rare opinion? yeah, sure, if you make a poll in afghanistan maybe.
2136. Of course I am. It's hardly a rare opinion, either - but this video obviously mostly attracts those with a technology fetish. I'm ranting about atheism in a church at Easter.
2137. enough said. tpylyrm you should get your facts right.
2138. Is tpvlyrm serious ? He can't be can he ??
2139. it started with building a home. man needed a home. he started living in caves. event insects/birds/etc build houses. now since he had brains. so he discovered fire. he needed to cover up himself. so invented leaf-clothes. then someone 'discovered' a better way to make cloth. now more demand came and they built machine that makes clothes. same for electricity/telephone/etc. he had brains. he used. he discovered. thus the word technology. but greed/foolish was an old word. #SurvivalOfTheFittest
2140. I can criticise the world I live in without completely removing myself from it, you silly bear. It's a cop-out to abandon all you lost souls and go and live how we should - not that that's even possible any more. There's barely any land left where technology-worshippers will leave others alone. Btw, which impresses you more - tech that "saves lives" or tech that ends lives? You seem to favour both, which arouses you more?
2141. Wow. Just, wow.
2142. Oh right - that's cool, I'm glad we agree :)
2143. We're chasing our own tail, son. It goes nowhere. Man needs to just remember how to be satisfied, then he will be content. Rampant technological development does no good for anyone. We should stay at the bottom of the mountain and be content - there's no prize at the top, just more suffering.
2144. Hello mister troll. Deep inside your brain i know you have issues to process logical things. SO read if you can, this: Man evolves biologically. But biological evolution has peaks within certain environments. And as you reach the peak of a mountain (doubt you ever did anything worth mentioning) it's quite hard actually get to it as opposed to the bottom section.Thus enter technology. Man's scientific crutch to the next evolutionary spot or evolution itself. Goodbye person with no notable future.
2145. Yep.
2146. A lot of the stuff we use today came from technology that was developed during the space race. Had we not built rockets to send people to the cosmos, we wouldnt have some of the stuff we use every day.
2147. bullshit, no technology ever improved anyone's life. It's all just for fun and out of curiosity, pretending it does any good beyond that is hilarious.
2148. This looks like a movie trailer :-)
2149. I'm getting goose-bumps on my right side. Either this is intense or I'm having a stroke; either way, good luck!
2150. Brilliant just brilliant
2151. Dammit, I mean 20 minutes at maximum distance.
2152. As advanced as we are as a civilization you never fail to amaze. Great video and I look forward to the landing!
2153. It's impossible to eliminate the communication delay. Even at the closest recorded distance between the Earth and Mars it takes approximately 3 minutes at light speed to span that distance. At the maximum distance between Earth and Mars that delay (again at the speed of light) is somewhere around 20 seconds.
2154. so much creativity into this mechenisim
2155. Thumbs up if you got here from redkb
2156. Wooow!!! This is amazing!...Thank you for making this,guys! :)
2157. Advancments made while developing spacecraft improve your life and the world in general directly, it takes it's time but it does.
2158. Favorite part...  3:14 - 3:19
2159. Very nice
2160. boss fail :D
2161. like a boos
