1. We have told the  Borg where we are located in the universe.... We are not the only ones with space probes and spaceships in space.... They may want to use earth like we want to use mars...
2. a cartoon people
3. Kismat par ji rahi hai duniya 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
4. Or maybe once every 3,600 years?
5. Why do they all look like they are the original breaking bad characters
6. I think Dark Matter shaped it during the Supernova that created it😊 Although you would have to suppose you understood dark energy🤣 I also think the reason it looked as if it accelerated away from the Sun is due to the angle it entered the Oort cloud when it came to our solar system and that or Cloud had a certain spin to it that added to its inertia and when it burnt off at the Sun it added it to its momentum hence the slight acceleration
7. Watching this on the toilet while I drop my own interstellar object
8. It is space ship I suppose: https://youtu.be/fbL1ZoAQgUU?feature=shared
9. 😂😂😂
10. This is from parallel universe
11. Not a astroid comet or meteorite  some thing dangerous  then those
12. بسیار  عالی هست
13. I wonder if we could have a probe hitch a ride on something like this.
14. nasa blew it on this one. as usual.
15. nasa has no interest in genuine discovery. they just ignored this asteroid and didnt attempt to make an effort to get closer to it. Why?   Nasa love animation. helps them seem more productive than they are. jesuit pigs.
16. Aha A alien d***o
17. Aliens: oh sorry I just took a dookie
18. the Broodwarrior
19. How can they find where it came from if it slinged around other planets or sun's like it did with our sun. Off topic I have a question more curious to be honest. the rotation most the planets are taking around our sun, can there be a possibility that other planetary bodies are not following the same rotation, so let's say our solar system is like a clock and all the planets we know of are rotation around the sun is at let's say 3 and 9  o'clock the rotation of all the planets we know of can other planets rotation around the sun be at any other rotation like lets say the hour 10 and 4 o'clock is another rotation? If so have have nasa or anyone for that fact tried to see if there was anything.
20. Why dose the government lie to us saying that we are responsible for the damages that are happening today when it prove proven that  other things are responsible oumuamua
21. Probably a piece of a bigger one that's coming 😂 👽🔥
22. And obviously  delusional nutcase HFO conspiracy claimed this rare but completely natural space item was Aliens.
23. First signs of life outside earth 🌍 will be found in the form of death ☠️ in an asteroid if we are super lucky we might find evidence of life in them.
24. I use only whatsapp
25. Why this number because I'm a student in Belgium 🇧🇪 and it's my home
26. Also I can't answer all your questions so what I can tell is what a black hole and a white hole is and how to send a signal so yeah
27. The insect race is the only one that builds stone like ship but it looks like a stone ship but in reality it is a   Camouflage inside is the stone ship. Is the main ship so that means that or those races are smart to disguise them self as asteroids. And why because they wary of other types of aliens civilization because they have a space fleet or that you poeple commonly already know is space pirate's
28. But from this type of spaceship there is only one race or should I say races that clears everything that makes sense
29. Guys the oumuamua looking from its size its a space frigate
30. M
31. definitely Zentradi
32. if that rock coukd only talk, the things it would say what it has seen on its journey
33. Nothing puzzling about it, we just have not seen many of that shape, simlpe
34. Oumuamua mission Haam karege Aliens ka Khoj
35. Bocci ball
36. It's a dinobli ,boring ball
37. and was spotted by a telescope in Hawaii as it passed the Sun,
38. Fantastic! A remarkable story about an incredible object
39. It's truly shocking how gullible even intelligent scientific minds can be and how easily people can be manipulated by the mainstream media!  Ask yourself who owns the media ? What power of censorship and control do they have in what information we recieve??? Your trust in authority is disturbing,  when they have shown again and again how corrupt they really are? Do wake up won't you !
40. That guy looks like Joe Gibbs
41. They maybe tax it for being in the universe
42. its not an asteroid, its an alien spaceship.
43. isa-space-ship-like-the-moon-has-bin-theorized,also-has-bin.
44. Prophetic-sign?
45. Its not the first anymore... declassified docs say otherwise
46. So this turns out to be false!  There was an interstellar asteroid that hit earth in 2014.  The u.s. government classified it because the satellites that identified trajectory, speed, and impact location were military. Clearly, the U.S. government was more concerned with their secrecy over the international discovery of an extra-solar object impacting earth. 👎🏻  *no, not kidding, it was declassified today*.
47. Alien mothership!
48. Fake
49. Too bad they couldn't tag it and track it.
50. Brasil, terras, sítio, fazenda  no Amazonas fale comigo ok.
51. 400 METERS LONG AND 40 METERS THICK THAT GOT TO BE AN ARTIFICIAL OBJECT
52. Tha is Tony stark
53. I have a rock that looks like that.  It is petrified log.  No gas tail?  It’s shape makes it not possible.
54. Relax its just the pillar of autumn
55. It’s a probe trying to find whales.
56. But where is Mr. Robert Weryk ? from Romania 22 nov.2021
57. Did you guys put a tracker on it to detect the planets it neares like ours? Just thinking 🤷🏻‍♂️
58. Klar doch! Sie fliegen Lichtjahre mit einen Stein durch die Galaxis!!! Es braucht sich keiner Wundern, daß sich diese von uns fern halten. Mit einem Stwrn durch die Galaxis!! Ha ha haHa
59. Look nasa what if this thing is not interstellar object one in the fact extraterrestrial
60. Looks like it will go straight through the earth
61. Land from a planet that blew up
62. It literally came directly to earth that’s crazy
63. Maybe Aliens took a dump on us
64. Maybe an alien lost on earth asked for a uber and was picked up
65. Contrary to popular believe this wasn't an interstellar visitor, but was simply Kim Un Jung searching for more food!
66. Hold your fire. There's no life forms aboard.
67. It's a shame we couldn't of landed a space probe onto it.
68. nasa: yes it was probably aliens  everyone else : it was not aliens
69. Could it be like the cigar shaped object seen in the 1950's?
70. imagine, Oumuamua was some "kind" of lifeboat with people on it. they set out for our home, the earth, hoping to be saved. But when they passed by seeing our lights from afar, no one came to help them ...
71. it was reddish, maybe it was constructed with the red resources from Mars by Mars inhabitants.
72. I don't mean to make an annoying comment, but is it on purpose that none of them mentions the name? And if so, why?..
73. I know this has nothing to do with this but how do we know that what we day about the universe is actually true?
74. It sure looks like the Millenium Falcon to me.
75. and now it's a cookie shape
76. Maybe that was piece of largest alien spacecraft
77. Lol cant trust that lady smile xD
78. How did it change course?
79. Thanks for visiting!
80. Bruh they made a spear and threw it to see how long until it gets back 😂😂
81. This is not a picture or video of the real image of Oumuamua; just to be clear. This just an Art view from the  information that had been gather from the data recivied at the radio telescope at Hwaii station!
82. Aliens : sending signs from another galaxy Scientists: Pff, that’s probably an asteroid
83. It looks like some alien RV traveler just emptied his waste drain and this solid one broke loose
84. who is here after  it was declared as alien technology?
85. Lindley Johnson is a legendary man.
86. Long Narrow skinny ... we all know it 'Holy duck' :-p
87. It is probably a result from an Exploding Star near a Asteroid belt somewhere millions of years away..
88. Incredible how interesting a single pixel image proved to be, just imagine if there were two pixels…
89. https://youtu.be/4cdTMxTFwe0        https://youtu.be/BcObQEtW-Pg
90. https://youtu.be/wICOlaQOpM0
91. bienvenue a Hollywood ! le moment de non croyance est arrivé, c'est la dernière des divisions ! J'espere que votre foi tiendra le coup
92. Oumuamua will mysteriously slow, return and find a comfy orbit around Earth. When examined closely, it will turn out to be a perfectly carved representation of the dead body of Christ, not unlike the Shroud of Turin. This will fulfill Revelation, "they will see the sign of the Son of Man in the heavens". This will represent the fact that Christ bought mankind with his own perfect life and that the time for the imposition of his authority has arrived. Or not.  Whether that's true or not, time is running out folks. "Seek Jehovah while he may be found. Seek righteousness, seek meekness. Probably you may be concealed in the day of Jehovah's anger." - bible Get a bible study and start on that road to life >> JWorg
93. What if this object contained a message from extraterrestrial super intelligent life? and they send each to a probable star system. Just a wild speculation.
94. Space poo
95. Women's College Basketball. Sailing videos. Pizza. African wildlife. Synthwave music. And snow.
96. If only we have James Webb telescope out there, we can view this object.
97. I have a therory that another solar system just like ours had an explosion and it destroyed that galaxy and shards are just flying and traveling all over space there is no way that an object like this is regular it had no ice on it so it cant be a comet and it’s definitely not an asteroid it’s something that came from another life form we aren’t alone for sure one day we will get so advanced we will be able to travel to other planets just like star wars it sounds crazy but it’s true people will look different and idk we just aren’t ready for that now
98. It's just a big asteroid from another solar system, big deal.  I'm sure when Voyager or Cassini whichever is still going reaches another solar system if there was life out there and by life I mean living beings not microorganisms or signs of water, that they would be amazed too.  There are no aliens so like I said this is just a big chunk of rock.  Read your bible and put your trust in YHWH.
99. Joe rogan brought me here
100. It's long, therefore it must be aliens and God doesn't exist.  Praise science!
101. It's not a asteroid.
102. Oumuamua? Naaa in the streets we call it space blunt.
103. Alien 1: Dude, I think we pulling up in a solar system with alot of satalites, how we gonna be able to find an inferior civilization  to concur?  Alien 2: Quick throw a stick thru it!
104. 1I/2017 U1 (Oumuamua) This object should be round.  1I/2017 U1 elongated, cigar- object—a  unlike anything seen in our own solar system 88,476.06yrs time in years taken to reach the sun. 147,259,565,598,249.38mi Distance Vega to Earth in 25.05ly 190,000mph Speed
105. the world can't explain it becuase  it's not a natural object
106. It was Rama we missed it.
107. That kind of woman/scientist scares me a lot for the parossisitic enthousiasm showed
108. They obviously used our sun to redirect and slingshot. It’s alien for sure
109. A quarter mile long isn't very large for an interstellar ship.
110. Austin Powers lol https://youtu.be/QQK5xJal68c
111. A starship i suppose
112. This might be one of the spacecraft that has visited our solar system, there is another intelligent life more advanced than us which has visited our solar system first time, let's see what's next
113. You have no proof of that ? Show the evidence ...all you have observations ...
114. Gravity is crazy.. causing this asteroid to change directions
115. she looks like a psyco lol
116. Possibly intelligent life camouflage like an asteroid to disguise the eye.
117. The lady acted like an actress, that is my vibe
118. A piece of volcanic rock that was ejected into space maybe?
119. Has anyone read Arthur C. Clarke's " Rendezvous with Rama"??
120. Big  long  black stone.iron probe.  Passed.
121. Oumuamua bought covid to earth.
122. It was sent 600,000 in anticipation of the Ascension seen 800k years ago...............I think its hiding a ship
123. this scared me so much when like 5 of my classmate said that meateor was gonna hit tonight
124. All comets are stick XD
125. It’s mostly iron, & belongs to the Earth-Moon collision. (Asteroid belt)
126. Imagine asteroids are alien ships
127. Does it fly pointing towards where its going or is it turning?
128. Why didnt they grab it?
129. Is it possible to hide the alien's face?
130. How sure are we that it's an interstellar object? If we are sure of it, the second question comes to my mind: where does it come from?
131. can't wait till they get here then the entire earth shall see
132. 🌹 27 🌹
133. 🌹19🌹
134. Towers in the sky, ask any Tibetan.
135. I sure hope the researchers at N/God/Jpl never read the comments on these videos.   Id give up my PHD and go rub sticks together disparagingly.
136. NASA loves to lie
137. Mothership? :)
138. It’s just snoops blunt
139. This is just a computer drawing of a cigar shape asteroid. NASA's websites depicts it as: "Artist’s concept of interstellar asteroid".
140. In addition to this Rebel Alliance design, I would like to see a Imperial Star Destroyer design do a flyby our solar system too.
141. It look like a Ship wreck
142. Planetary Defence Officer? What is Nasa hiding from us? What is this man protecting the planet from?
143. COMETS-THE BEARERS OF CHANGES As we follow the route of the «Heavenly Visitors» in time, they caused impression, awe and agitation with their unexpected presence to a humanity who believed that the starry sky was a supernatural kingdom. Many times their appearances were capable to change even the course of History!  @
144. From 2012: Odyssey Two: "The great dinosaurs had long since perished when the survey ship entered the Solar System after a voyage that had already lasted a thousand years. It swept past the outer planets, paused briefly above the deserts of dying Mars, and presently looked down at Earth..."
145. Its the doomsday machine you idiots..
146. So how does a rock alter its course in zero gravity ????
147. What an organised acident ? How can those measurements be so pleasing together ? Vibration and frequences are gonna be in sink on this one . 40/400 eth(i)er 130/13000 . This is the one baby . Whats due every 13000 years ? Aha !!!!! I wonder if this is gonna be harnessed or destroyed ? Eth(i)er way it will be interesting .
148. We don't know how to speak this intelligence it's not about death
149. It’s a intergalactic blunt
150. What if it's a astroid caught in the 9th plants belt?
151. I have a hypothesis; it could be from a planetary collision and may be from the inside of a lava tube, a large piece of cooled lava.
152. Earth: Hey girl! Earth: Come here! *Oumuamua* *proceeds* *to* *meet* *earth* Oumuamua: OH, muamuah! Earth: *Blushes* Moon: *AM* *I* *NOTHING* *TO* *YOU?!*
153. If this thing can come outta  blackhole,travelling so many miles,so can we.
154. Oh yeah there is my big cigar I thought I lost
155. Cool.  I didn't know we had a "Planetary Defense Officer"!
156. Asteroids aren’t shaped like that. It’s a disguised probe
157. Spies have infiltrated our solar system
158. That’s not an asteroid. The planets were just puff puff passing.
159. Thats why i love science
160. We have reports of an unidentified flying object. It has a long, smooth shaft, complete with ...
161. Rosetta was a space probe built by the European Space Agency launched on 2 March 2004. Along with Philae, its lander module, Rosetta performed a detailed study of a comet.  It's a shame we didn't have our game face on when 'Oumuamua  came a calling.   That would have been fascinating to hitch a ride on it and explore.
162. nasa chicks are very culty
163. ITS A FOSSILIZED BATTLESTAR GALATICA
164. Is it possible to move/make Earth like Asteroids do and travel in galaxies? Obviously with Artificial sun Built to support life system.
165. No wonder no one wants to come to our planet look at the fine specimens below...o yes lets not forget there pure and kind comments of filth...yes Jason u should be ashamed of your self.....if your mother sees such a post you will be in trouble am sure ...
166. its obviously megladon but it looks like the Chinese got to it its got no fins
167. Asteroid. Ok. That I believe.  I saw news reports that scientists speculated it was an alien craft. Yikes that is s leap of faith.
168. it is moving like gygyroscope.Magnetic boomerang theory = We are İbrahim :D
169. Did anybody from NASA or on Earth remember the book from Arthur C Clarke rendezvous with Rama
170. On croirait voir un de ces outils du néolithique !  :)
171. Trump will build a space wall and make the aliens pay for it! It’s ok.
172. If that thing is from another solar system, that simply means something (probably bad)  happened there and if we check its route from where it coming everything will be clear.
173. Oumuamua felt kinda OP and leave asap.. so next time we should welcome interstellar objects with a blast! -nuclear missle
174. Just having a couple drinks with my bud Steve and it occurs to us this is the first interstellar tird like object to enter our solar system.
175. No need to worry. It was just a reconnaissance probe. Heavy warships are slower. They will arrive later.
176. It sud be destriyed by rockets or bomb.
177. Hahaha why USA create US Space Army?
178. Please read "RAMA" from Arthur C Clarke ! A fantastic Sci-Fi story that described an incredibly similar event, and its purpose... At the first fly-by humans just wondered what object what that, and planned a mission to explore it on the next orbit...
179. It's my ship ,
180. Shouldn't this object be intercepted in case it's a dead spaceship drifting through galaxies.  If is possible.
181. Trump's Space Force Is Ready For This.  Build The Wall & Let Mars Pay For It
182. What is a messenger from afar arriving first what is arriving second
183. Debunking of Oumuamua's sensational shape - search for a youtube video called "Oumuamua's Rubbish Shape Estimate".  The video explains the basic problem with the method used to estimate Oumuamua's shape.
184. I wonder if it was actually an alien probe that came to scout out earth. I mean, it made a beeline for earth as soon as it entered our system and then leaves the system as soon as its done with its flyby
185. 3000st comment！
186. This was here in 2014 Guess U think their ready
187. They say it could be artificial.... Can it be?
188. What shaped it and sent it? We could have put a drone on it.
189. Could have valuable metals.
190. Hope there’s no protomolecule on that thing ...
191. I don't believe in "Space".
192. It looks like a giant...  Johnson!
193. Looks like a blunt
194. What is it to make it move so long journey? Its cannot be gravitation from something.
195. What's interesting it's not the first interstellar visitor. Start telling the truth NASA.
196. What if that was a sign for a bigger object that would clash our solar system
197. Maybe it's an interstellar space probe, or a Von Braun probe.
198. This is NOT the first!!! Phobos mars probe photographed an identical shaped object in the late ‘80s. Look it up
199. Hey, that's pretty good.
200. All artist impressions. Strange how there are no real pictures of the object?
201. Its alian wepon delivery system to deliver biological entity to teraform earth
202. Stephen Hawking claimed it could have been an intelligent object, not an asteroid.
203. Tenhle object má šupiny jak to bude?
204. i remeber this did they study it some how?
205. It is the first interstellar object to be ever recorded , maybe there were interstellar objects but our technology wasnt developed enough to detect them
206. what you're Scared????? lol
207. ебаццаротам! крутто-то как! tofuckbymouth! so coollyy!
208. king edward invincible.
209. Maybe the first for the time we're here. Who knows how many of them passed through before? Anyways, is interesting in terms of ancient space geology or astrobiology, so sad it's going away fast to study it in detail!
210. llooks like a cosmic vibrator
211. A derelict alien craft?
212. Thanks for sharing this info on this mysterious space rock! Now could someone please ask Lindley Johnson to shave his mustache? That would be great.
213. Sad that even though we have the technological capacity to do so, humanity didn't allocate enough resources such that we could send a probe to intercept it. For all we know it could have been a scout ship by another civilization. Maybe they saw that there were no intelligent lifeforms in the solar system and decided to leave.
214. Wow~ The first?! That interstellar object passed our solar system at nearly 100,000killometers!
215. Lemmino
216. What was the speed of this object that we were able to track it from outside our solar system and watch it travel through our solar system and track it coming in close to Earth and then watch it leave and catch a gravity assist from the sun and head back out to interstellar space? It takes months and months to do that. That kind of speed wouldn’t be natural!
217. I haven't read anything yet but shouldn't we try to "scrape" it capturing cellular materials rather than capturing image data so that we can determine what the contents are of other galaxies.
218. A gift from Zeon
219. OH THANK HEAVEN FOR SEVEN ELEVEN, WHAT IF THIS IS NIBIRU AS SPOKEN BY THE SUMERIANS DO YOUR MATH AND SEE IF THIS COULD BE THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM IF TRUE THAT WOULD E A JUDEA SUMERIAN EVENT WE VOTED TODAY TO NAME THE DEAD ISRAEL THE NEWLY BORN LAND OF NOD, AND WE GOT AN 83 PERCENT VOTER TURNOUT NODDING THEIR HEADS
220. It's rimer and cryton in the red dwarf.
221. I dont know what to think any longer. So many conspirations, so many hipotesis and so many missing facts from important institutions. I will be optimistic and say that is an alíen space-craft
222. This is so cool.  I wonder where it’s home is and how it was sent from possibly another galaxy
223. According to Neil deGrasse Tyson, there's no reason to believe it is a single solid object as opposed to a cluster of objects held together by their own gravity field.  People extrapolate long range radio telescope data in ways that confirm their own biases.  But from what we know about other objects in space, Tyson convincingly argues that this is far more likely to be a group of smaller objects as opposed to a single one.
224. first interstellar object, not asteroid
225. I don't hold to much stock in what they say when it comes to it being an intersteller object. Our solar system is so large that there are gazillions of asteroids were not aware of and probably never will. The found it tacked it for a couple of days or even weeks and based on their projections it came from outside our solar system. Well they've done that before numerious times only to find out their calculations as to the exact trajectory really is or in some cases was.  It is feaseable that this asteroid has been here all along and becasue of a ever so slight collosion with another, it's trajectory placed it in a location in which we happen to find it. We have dozens of big telescopes but not near enough to check the entire night sky from every point on Earth on a continuse bases. Thus gazillions of objects will never ever be seen. And when they are, their trajectories may have been different which changes where they came from.  I mean Earth hasn't always been it its exact location, it's taken eons of millenials to be in the location we are. Based on out longivity we can determine our previous and present trajectory to a point. Provided of course there has never been nor ever will be a collision that would or has changed it.  Cracks me up how one comes to thier final conclusion, and presents it as fact, when they don't use all the possible variables.
226. fucken space weirdos its just an asteroid ffs
227. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4Xc8WoHld0&t=1s I got good reason to think that I capture your cigar shape asteroid on the 16th of May 2017.
228. Quarter mile? Vin Diesel would like to drag there!
229. it literally used the suns orbit to catapolt itself faster and further into space.. sound familiar? us humans have used that exact same method to get to planets faster and more efficiently... they were in a rush to get somewhere and didn't wanna say hi i guess...
230. imagine  if they managed to collect samples...
231. lol we almost died XD
232. It almost hit earth
233. a little bit of Baltic sea ufo stuff. maybe this is just a joke or somebody getting something from it.
234. It a spaceship from planet crypton....Kal-el is in there.
235. It's a alien ship camo as a space rock
236. Looks like a doobie...
237. It’s bomb
238. What size is that in us measure?
239. It was possibly  subject to strong gravitational forces while it was Moulton and malleable.
240. quit lying nasa.  most likely its a alien ship grabbing a gravity assist from the sun
241. I wonder What if this object came in a hundred years or so when we can catch it and I don’t know, open it up or something. I mean we’ve sent all these messages but what if aliens most disregarded and let it fly by same way we just looked at this one
242. If only Elon Musk had NASA's budget...
243. So many random bizarre rocks coming out of nowhere all the time.  Please just let one hit earth and end this nonsense we call consciousness.
244. Just watch rick and morty that show is easier to understand
245. That's a collector ship from mass effect bro 😐
246. NASA, please scan for inner and outer radiation because if this thing has radiation or not you might get a step closer, so please check, and communicate with it if you can
247. I HAVE SEEN IT!! i live in carinthia villach in austria i was driving my girlfriend home at Night. we have seen it both fly by!
248. We never saw it coming. At least it didn't "DO" anything when it left.
249. Guys, clearly this is either the MC80 Home One-type Star Cruiser or the Viscount-class Star Defender from Star Wars.
250. There is a craft being held in Nevada right now with alloys and compounds not found on earth youtu.be/T-Dp1FzKods?t=140
251. Very interesting.  The name given to the object by the person who discovered and "tried" to communicate with it is the same word for "Scout" in Hawaiian. A Scout is basically an interchangeable definition for the word Spy.  The blatant name of the object clearly but secretly demonstrates to us what the Nevertheless it's clearly not a "meteorite" is.  It's a spaceship and a warning message. And the only pictures available are the ones NASA paid artists to paint.  Meaning they tell the artist what to paint and they paint it...  What does this mean?  There are no official pictures of the object and therefore it's likely not actually what the photo shows.  Why?  The world is not ready for a full on UFO disclosure.  But this odd looking meteorite simply is a test to prepare society for full UFO disclosure. It makes people question if it's a meteorite and therefore entertain their minds to the "far-fetched " idea of life existing elsewhere.  When you begin to understand the Government spends Trillions of $$$$$$$$$$ a year To hide the existence of UFOs from the public,  you then begin to understand why they are trying to tell people.  So they can have more 💰
252. If that thing hits the earth we’re dead... this is no joke.. and considering it’s not even round there is a possibility that it is a UFO.. guess we will know within the next few years or so
253. And now a month later, pentagon admits UFO program, ufo sightings and strange unknown materials, are these connected?
254. Russian hackers faked this.
255. Put a flag on it quick
256. Could be the zentradi. Someone alert UN spacy!
257. What if this is a chunk of the exploded planet, Krypton?
258. Here come the Yuuzhan Vong!
259. Am I the only one puzzled by the choice & meaning of this name? If its just a rock (asteroid) why name it "first messenger"???
260. Someone should hire North Korea to fire of  a bunch of missiles at the alien asteroid. Break 'em off a piece!
261. I don't want to say aliens...... but aliens.
262. All this for a long rock really
263. they just read a text ;)
264. It's a projectile of a bullet that fired from an alien warships! Imagine what huge the bullet was!
265. It's gods blunt!
266. Sweet Kelly at 0:29, I think her job is programing the public.
267. spaceship
268. .missing Malaysia plane ? Aha
269. It's a flaming hot cheetos poo
270. Its a TRAP!!!!!!
271. Oh boy conspiracy theorists are gonna be all over this one...
272. nasa be like, "wow! we made up an asteroid" 😂😂😂
273. CGI is fun and looks good on Hd but you have no proof thanks for steeling our money and  providing no proof
274. Spacecraft of the Freezer Army.
275. Was kind of hoping it was a real alien spacecraft
276. JPL could you Send a satelite on that asteroid... ?
277. My theory is, it's from a different dimension so we can't full seen its shape.
278. Alien recon craft scanning solar systems for life, entering them like an asteroid to go undetected refuelling off the sun then when relatively out of sight hyperdrive to the next one
279. Next time they are gonna tell us that maybe there is life on that asteroid lol.
280. It's probably going back to where it belongs
281. ...i bet you wish Webb wasn't moving like a drunken snail right about now.
282. Knights Of Sidonia Ship
283. Daft Punk predicted this would happen
284. That's a space shuttle belonging to Snoop Dog you guys! He was shooting his new video on Vega
285. Its a Zentradi ship. The SDF-1 is 18 years late.
286. Anybody else think that was a pic of a joint at first glance? 😂 🤘
287. Sends probes.
288. It was mentioned that it came from vega  , the dogon people from africa knew that vega had an unseen companion star before our telescopes found the companion star , read up on the dogon guys it will get you thinking ..
289. What if the aliens sent this out to distract us from their real path?
290. Aliens prototype  apace ship
291. *NEEERDS!*
292. The thing is long gone by now travels ridiculously fast
293. What about the other one?
294. how does NASA know the asteroid came from outside our solar system? FAKE NEWS!!!
295. Fake News
296. That’s an alien spaceship you idiots
297. Silver Surfer's board.
298. Seems like it would be a very high priority to get a probe to take a close look at this thing--it's probably an event that is extremely rare, and may not happen again for centuries, thousands of years--who knows--maybe millions of years.
299. I thought it said it was named "Omae Wa" xD
300. Its definitely alien ship from other galaxy, not an asteroid, but a broken and lost one like space junk, wandering around aimlessly for decades, so definitely no sign of life or technological wave detection, cuz its dead.
301. Sorry lads, that’s just mi helmet gone missing, I gave nasa clearance to observe and retrieve the elongated mass. Lost it in final ejection vs last gf.
302. Can you shoot a bullet with gun at the sun and how long would it take to each it?
303. What is left of a dead comet    ?
304. so it’s red and an unnatural shape . funny that ! on earth things like that would be called man made !
305. Ok!  Who threw that ??!?!
306. Doobs in Space?
307. The Doomsday Machine! Fear not, it was rendered inoperative by Captain Kirk and the crew of the Enterprise.
308. It was ejected from it's own sytem so fast and close a star/s that it didn't have time condense and form a regulat asteroid shape. . . Maybe.
309. It looks like a Mon Calamari Star Cruiser from Star Wars.
310. As always a bible thumper will tell you god did it.
311. shocks me is that this big asteroid came from BELOW, then got pulled back down, MEANING that it had potential to collide twice with any of the planets... This could had hit earth 🌎 and we would had not even had much warning. Now I know WHY ELON MUSK wants to make us into a interplanetary species ASAP!
312. Mrs 50 Rocks...
313. Is it going to pay taxes?
314. It looks like mon calimari spaceship from starwars
315. Man it's a space joint light that doobie up.
316. Krypton just blew up So get ready superman is on is way
317. probably obtained that shape from the aliens traveling inside it! lol.
318. Gigantic interstellar torpedo incoming! We're all doomed!
319. This is great and all, but I'm here for the ALIENS.
320. SPACE JOINT?
321. Earth is flat. “this asteroid” is a rock from flat earth. Wake up people.
322. I thought this was memes because i just watched an instand regret video
323. Hopefully it hits us
324. the asteroid is so fast running away to avoid catch any human idiotism ..
325. Wait this guy's title is "Planetary Defense Officer"? wtf thats awesome
326. ITS WHAT'S LEFT OVER FROM WILT CHAMBERLAIN
327. Has anyone calculated the probability of such an interstellar object coming so close to Earth?
328. What if it just went through the perogee of a veeeeery long orbital period?
329. Im not saying its aliens, but its aliens
330. So what we know for sure is it's a 10 to 1 ratio in length to width and its irradiated....We really need some probes we can fling out at these things! Hard to rule anything out when the details we have are myopic at best compare to the vast distance involed, keep up the good work though! :)  Star Shot style mirco-probes might be one idea, for disposable one off flybys?  I wonder if the Deep Space Gateway would be a good place for housing a pursuit probe for the next odd rock we want to closely examine? There was talk of probes that could visit asteroids and come back after all.  I hear we are short on Pu for RTGs, since the vast majority was produced decades ago and is "going stale". But I also heard of a U235 reactor called KRUSTY that can actually be turned off instead of constant decay like a RTG and the whole 700m year halflife is certainly better than less than 24 for the Pu RTGs. Plus the facilities for making KRUSTY fuel is the mainline production anyway. Turning bomb material in in fuel instead, how cool is that?   Now I know KRUSTY is in cooldown at present so they can examine the system to see how it held up to the depleted U test before entrusting it with and active fuel core, but how would such a power system change the make up of a pursuit or asteroid hunting probe? Better engine, etc?
331. A L I E N Z
332. maybe what is left from an unsuccessful alien spaceship....dun dun dun. our original seed.
333. So the whole time they were waiting they realised the wait was pointless as they just found a frozen hanky the poo floating through
334. That piece of rock looks like a Star Wars ship, tbh.
335. The image shown is only an "illustration". Can't find a picture of the actual deal. What did the artist work from to render this "illustration"? Just a thought.
336. obviously uncircumcised.
337. Just more cgi from NASA studios...
338. Faaaaaaake
339. How do you know? Theory?
340. "Hey guys Tyler from secure team"
341. And hits it on us scientist said "Wow" .
342. looks like a suppository
343. Such lies.
344. 472 people are flat earth believers, "there is no such thing as an asteroid like that, all asteroids are flat-disk-shaped"
345. IS ALEIN SPAC SHIP
346. *What if this object is just a precursor shard of a much larger object on it's way to change the nature of our system due to it's gravitational pull?* Seems to me, we need a far faster mechanism for detecting these things for potential dangers which to act upon, and another contingency in which we can capture them, keep them around in some orbit at least while we find if there's a material use for them.
347. From the thumbnail i was assuming a giant joint was heading for earth.   Im disappointed.
348. Didn't know we had turds in space
349. Looks like a joint
350. How can we protect ourselves for our survivals *when many asteroids are heading to Earth?*
351. Why there's no sausage earth society?
352. Aliens sending us an interstellar blunt.
353. Interstellar blunt 😈 wicked
354. everybody is so excieted like a moment before releasing a huge log kept by few hours during school trip.
355. Space ship...lol
356. i do not believe anything nasa tells us anymore , . they have lost their street cred.  due to their lieing and faking . it s possible  that this is an excuse to take more money to send more  spacecrafts out there . or for the alien invasion . it looks like moon rock petrified wood .
357. Its the UNSC Spirit of Fire ,Cutter loves slingshoting around suns.
358. That's the board of the Silver Surfer.
359. this a gold mine worth of data,very exiting,if i was a billionaire i would be just throwing money at this.
360. The collectors are coming :P
361. It's star destroyed
362. Looks like one of "gods" floaters! 😂
363. No real pics huh? Sad NASA just sad keep trying.
364. Be careful what you wish for, one of these might be carrying hungry space critters that like the taste of human flesh!!
365. Everybody want to get in on the bandwagon, for this one. says something that is nothing and nothing that is something,  put a big rock in space.
366. A UFO that looks like an asteroid... fascinating 😁reminds me of an alien army ship
367. Looks like a giant, intergalactical 420
368. Its an interesting thing that an object from other universe travelled towards our milky way.
369. First, like there is going to be a Second Cigar shaped Asteroid lol
370. not gonna say it's an alien... but it's an alien
371. At 0:54, that guy was labeled a Planetary Defense Officer. Is there something NASA isn't telling us about space.
372. If god roll
373. definitely not the first one
374. Could it be evidence of a hydrogen based fluid space beyond the heliosphere?
375. Discovered less than 2 months ago. If it was on a collision course then there is nothing we could have done. I doubt the government would have even told us.
376. Why tha he'll they're not sending a probe there already!!!!!!
377. it looks like a joint
378. Spaceship in disguise!
379. you say you see, where are the photo's
380. special day will be when astroid fall on naza buildings.
381. Asteroids are flat? So that proves the earth is too ha ha!
382. Made in Hollywood
383. Led Zeppelin is coming !
384. The record speed for an asteroid before this one was 64,000 mph, this asteroid was traveling at 196,000 mph, seems as if this "object" has its own propulsion.
385. Seems like an unque asteroid considering its red-ish color. I wish we had technology to catch asteroids. Who knows what material this one has after it's exposure in space.
386. Its coming to f#@! us obviously, I mean look at it...
387. Look at the name of this celestial object Oumuamua and it tells you what scientists think it really is. Oumuamua is the name of the type of pizza that Elliot's friend was ordering right at the time Elliot was making first contact in the movie E.T., which means that Oumuamua is a subliminal message to the rest of us to look a little closer and then the rest of us  will see the truth.
388. Where are the pictures?
389. Asteroid or spacecraft using the sun to slingshot?
390. High speeds shaped the object like that, aerodynamic.
391. King Kong's first dump of the day
392. Shut up NASA ..you have 90% of your projects secret from us so shut up with this ..maybe NASA know how to teleport or maybe they've communicated with aliens several times
393. interstellar ship disguised as an asteroid ....
394. How did the object change its direction ? 🤔
395. the largest spliff in the galaxy
396. Seriously?  Nobody recognizes it?  I hope earth's SDF1 and Macross Robotech Crew are ready.   Ready or not, the Zentraedis are coming.
397. it looks like a giant doobie waiting to get lit.....but only in state were that is legal....
398. Red? I wonder if its metal?
399. It's a Star Wars Mon Calamari cruiser! It's a trap!!
400. What if its a spaceship lol
401. That's alien spaceship you dumb NASA! Fake NEWS!
402. That's a Nupetiet Vergnitzs Class Fleet Command Battleship... ZENTRAEDI ARE COMING!!
403. what, you don't get that from your woman? XD
404. Helli and bye
405. It is one of our own - One of the mother ships belonging to The Solar Warden Project - perhaps it has malfunctioned or aliens that they are not ready to disclose have taken the Solar Warden cigar shaped mother ship out - there are more
406. She wants the asteroid in and around her mouth so bad
407. why in gods name are they excited about a rock that could possibly bring aliens to earth we don't wont a battle with more advanced beings are they fkn mad ,,,,,,,,,,,,
408. i thought it was a flying joint :V
409. Nice fake news NASA ;)
410. Never A Straight Answer "Wow" says the high paid scientist
411. nah is a ship!!
412. This immediately reminded me of "Rama", the automated intergalactic spaceship. Same shape, similar size.  (Arthur C Clarke , "Rendez-vous with Rama" ). Fantastic book.
413. another story they want to fake as they show "CGI" images instead of regaler pictures of the object from a telescope..
414. Its an alien missile.
415. a another example of disinformantion from NASA AND JPL
416. I think it is alien craft my thoughts no piece of rock is shaped like that I disagree with JPL you guys are lieinggg
417. Ben ngantem ndase
418. It prophecies an allien invasion in Earth !!! Look https://goo.gl/Sz9qTz
419. It is the spear of god
420. Broken Craft
421. Alien Coffin
422. A L I E N S
423. Some planet took a giant dookie
424. I sense a ''yo mama joke'' in the near future
425. it is not that puzzling....this is a shard....and it is predictable....derived from a planetary impact...propelled at sufficient speed to escape the gravity of the host star and the ensuing debris storm...such is the order of chaos....it traveled for millions of years to arrive here.....the most significant thing about it is....it survived...and that gives a stronger belief that a human built ship could withstand the travel of deep space....otherwise this object would have been pulverized by granular erosion from dust clouds.....interstellar travel is not impossible !!
426. why did we not catch it like a big fish???
427. Only a matter of time before someone sends a drone up with a go\pro 1080p and sends back live and interesting footage.
428. An asteroid? I think not. How can a true asteroid make its way to our solar system, as if controlled; like oh yeah, here's Earth. So called asteroid takes quick trip through the solar system AND makes a " U " turn when asteroid completes its quick through our humble abode!
429. Yesterday nasa make observation of this object . They want to check if it make radio signal
430. Wow,wait..it's coming towards us.
431. Don't trust nasa....here we have one that looks like hardy and a women that is clearly on something...these are actors...wake up people
432. Interstellar ship
433. Oh yippee another artist concept picture, does nasa have any photographic equipment 🤔
434. Aliens?
435. Anyone want to Rendezvous with Rama?
436. We'll that's a bigg alien joint to me.
437. Dear god what a scary looking Asteroid... Really hope this doesn't have our name in the future
438. It's shaped like a space ship....
439. a spaceship in disguise!
440. It could have been a relativistic projectile aimed at earth..  although now that I think about it, any civilian sufficiently advanced to launch such an object should at least be able to aim it correctly. But if it were me sending planet killing projectiles across vast distances I wouldn't just send one and call it good.
441. So it may be something, we can't even study it properly upclose, all we can do is watch from a far and make guesses..just how much of pathtic morons we must look to these aliens
442. its a dead spaceship
443. That is Thanos ship is coming to earth to fight the avengers
444. metal at high speeds heat up from a hot object probably small in scale but very hot  and become elongated as it passes witch would explane the color it passed something hot and radioactive at high speeds and stretched just like molten metal would do on earth it's not that hard to understand I know you guys want to study it but sometimes science is simple witch is why it's hard to find and understand
445. so fake just a giant distraction!!!!!
446. You can thank SecureTeam10
447. It looks like object Russian probe got taken out by near phobos
448. I hope it's a giant space dung.
449. It looks like it was warped by getting near a black hole.
450. Battlestar Gallactica
451. To think for one minute. That this rock came from another solar system light years away, and we could've touched it if we really wanted to. Is absolutely mindblowing! I wann know what it is made...soooo bad. :'(
452. If it's the first one more would be coming in a short time frame
453. So you're telling me aliens are coming... I see.
454. perhaps the "crew" is dead and it flies through the universe since millions of years ?
455. One of NASA's greatest achievements lately: seeing a rock in the sky. can they get lower than this?
456. I think it's someone's old space ship...space dust builds up ...
457. new?
458. something mnw?
459. Oops my story have had some lint on their lens,more fakery
460. The designs people have come up with for interstellar ships tend to have a similar cigar shape for a number of reasons. This asteroid even appears to be spinning another feature many design have to create artificial gravity.
461. to me, it seems like a splinter of an asteroid possibly made for a weapon from an alien race... like our railguns, they could have a sort of mass driver that shoot these rods to cause a lot of damage to their enemy...  maybe a real alien ship carrying these was blown off and these rods were scattered and one just found us...  cheers!
462. Is there any footage of it other than CGI???
463. Rendezvous with Rama
464. It's just a rock.
465. Walter White @ 0:17
466. so it's Rama...
467. 0:53, this might be the only guy with this beardcut since 1945 lol
468. Looks like a big joint.
469. Kryptonian?
470. Really interesting!
471. That is a space ship.
472. AlliesOfHumanity org reveals the nature and intention of the alien races that are already here in our world, and have been for some time.
473. Thanos is coming. Brace yourselves people of Earth
474. It’s OK. If I’m correct there will be 2 more chances to study this thing. Because they do everything in 3.
475. It’s a giants coffin ⚰️ ejected from a giant spacecraft 🖕
476. First they said it was huge... and than they said it’s a relatively small object and now it’s passing through and going out of our solar system... So is it big or small? #lost
477. Tyranids might be hibernating on it. Destroy it ASAP.
478. Im scared of it ever reaching our solar system.  That is like armageddon
479. Wait one second.  Are you saying this is the *ONLY* small object (asteroid or comet) ever seen that has a parabolic or hyperbolic orbit?  Frankly, that sounds totally wrong.  I recall hearing about hundreds of such objects before.  Yes, a 10:1:1 physical shape is extremely strange and odd, but how do they know that?  By regular variations in brightness?  If so, that can also be caused by an small region that has vastly higher albedo (like white snow against black lava).  This report sounds contrived to make it appear more newsworthy than it is.
480. Hey NASA. How soon until you guys come clean on this? Imagine how popular you'd become if you broke the news before someone else beat you to it!
481. Now we know why telescopes are made
482. If it wasn't for The Dark Ages, we could've captured it and studied it directly.
483. It's a spaceship
484. you don't know s***
485. Rama returns
486. Zentraedi Nupetiet Vergnitzs class Flagship
487. Oh its red, that means its been in space a long time, maybe.. Unlike our neighbour the moon. If you throw a piece of slate against a wall you will get splinters.. So its a rock that looks like a rock & its already gone. Yet its on all the news just before the Star Wars premier, how coincidental.
488. 400 x 40 ? = 1:10 ratio. Indicates a divine ratio. I need to recheck into the dimensions of the two Arks.
489. I wonder what it’s made from? Could be different from anything we’ve seen before
490. This is abandoned alien space craft..or  all  crew are long time dead and we will be never able to recapture...
491. Arthur Charles Clarke's "RAMA".
492. Sent by aliens to see if our technology is good enough to get a sample from it? Too unusual to ignore any possibilities. We could've also just missed the opportunity to receive and reply to a message!!!!
493. Dude if you can't tell me the number of asteroids in our own belt then don't even sit there and try and tell me that you know the shape and size of the asteroids in our belt. It's very possible that we have many asteroids that looks similar.
494. "The Ramans do everything in threes."   (Arthur C Clarke)
495. Sure nasa :))))))))))))))
496. this is such intentionally misleading Propaganda. If you research that picture of Oumuamua in this video: it's an ARTIST'S CONCEPT picture. And most of you are doing exactly what they want: "This is sooooo exciting, I'm calling my Congressman and telling them NASA needs more money"
497. So it comes into our solar system , swings past earth of all planets, close enough for us to see it and then leaves our solar system again.  Just a coincidence...I'm sure it happens all the time...lol
498. Looks like - space junk
499. "The space wall." Trump 2020!
500. It could be from a blown up planet etc from an alien lol. XD
501. Alright alright alright
502. Flat Earthers are retards
503. Well if it's an astroid, can we get pictures of it? And not a 3d model of it
504. looks like a joint
505. And you just left it go away, NASA great use of all funds 😛😛😛😛😛
506. It's a nail slept from God's hand :v
507. Basically, they said nothing about the object. Everything stays in the title, nothing in the video.
508. They should disable comments for things like this. How long before before the religious freaks come on and say 'This is proof of God. It's one of his old cigar dibs!' Cheers, NASA. And well spotted whoever saw this ROCK first.
509. Its a joint! They want peace :)
510. When I first heard about this interstellar object I was really excited... then power in place told us a very different narrative which became 'the truth'.
511. What would the composition of an object like this be ? would it be mostly metal ? how much mining on earth would would it take to get the same mass into space , what would that cost ?could this object be redirected into an earth or sun accessible orbit to be mined at a later date? even a hundred years from now .
512. You were very exited from the scientific point of view? Why kind of an idiot are you? And who hired you?
513. Kinda resembles an interstellar spaceship just covered in ice due to long term travels
514. That's not natural... Our space debris is mostly ice, and ice can't sustain that shape for millions of years in space. Even more dense debris should become spherical over time...  Reminds me of the monolith from 2001 space odyssey...
515. https://www.facebook.com/wayneherschel2?hc_ref=ARQIlzz6J_pTN0-tprFBq2VT6UXFjtzZkKJhW8KI-ESqm0L2GBwzZ3FHZryrzcUS0eE&pnref=story
516. that's  voyager's answer right there. Be prepare to meet "the other kind" ;)
517. was a Spaceship ?
518. I have run the numbers,this is something,should have broke up
519. Alien Probe 4 sure! What are the chances of it coming all the way through interstellar space, through the Oort cloud & coming awfully close to Earth?! Very odd hummm...
520. That's one big astronomical joint! But seriously, I wonder from what larger object it came from.
521. It`s probably one of those mon-calamari super star cruisers that survived the attack of the  First Order.
522. como enviarle señales de radio, para saber si es un objeto intergaláctico, una nave, o tal vez un trasmisor de señales. Envienle señales luminosas visuales, acústicas, de olor, de sabor, de tacto, tal vez reaccione a algo de esto y si no se le deja ir. sabemos que en titan hay metano, en Europa y Encelado agua. probemos, es una buena oportunidad.
523. I had a dream about a month ago so I looked into it a little bit..... come to find out that the same object I seen in my dream hit the ocean right before I woke up...crazy I know...
524. so can this Oumuamua take us to a better universe cause im ready!!
525. it is clearly an alien-spaceship, i mean it is long, has a strange shape and is out of metal!?
526. Wow, amazing!
527. very strange shape....hopefully it wont spray any virus to our orbit.
528. You idiots have only been able to see very far for a very limited amount of time of history and somehow you can say this is something never seen before.  You can say the shape has never been seen before, really?  When was the first telescope that could see any real distance or shape invented?  You all act like you have so much knowledge but you are all idiots.
529. 400 uneducated  dipshits
530. Is it me or did nasa's own Dr. Norman Bergen state the the rings of Saturn were creaded by "CIGAR SHAPE CRAFTS". JUST A LITTLE LOOKING BACK
531. See my video New Asteroid Interstellar, check my chanel
532. There's a great chance that this really is an exoasteroid, but there's always that possibility (given its shape, size, and that it just happened to pass close to Earth and nowhere else) that it could potentially be a ship. That's unlikely only because at 86,000 mph, it would have taken hundreds of millions of years to get here from another stellar system, unless they warped here discreetly and then coasted around the Sun. Literally anything is possible.
533. Pratisamōdayati
534. Very interesting and puzzling. Are we expecting some more objects and what if they hit earth? NASA is really great identifying this object.
535. Big scary rock incoming: Ooh it could be aliens!!!   Regular asteroid: meh...*aliens pour out*
536. Lets catch it!
537. NASA missed the opportunity to explore an object outside of our solar system. Fortunately, Ramans do everything three times. :-)
538. Oumuamua = Oh, mamma!
539. 1300 feet long, and just 130 feet wide. Dark reddish color. Complex convoluted shape. Could possibly be metallic. No trace of a coma of dust and/or gas.  What just passed through our solar system?
540. if it hit the moon, woulda been a home run. for sure.
541. One thing missing, it was "singing" to us and it circled the earth twice according to other "scopes" and ham radio operators and it was speeding up and then  slowing down. Call it what you will but asteroids dont do this.
542. https://youtu.be/4trEiXeRn4E
543. It's like a spear. Good thing it didn't hit Earth!
544. That looks like the ancient spaceship found on the moon. https://youtu.be/Y3X5oucqQe4
545. awesome view... An asteroid or an alien ship?
546. Please hurry and throw a telescope on it
547. Someone get Ellen Ripley on the phone... we got another lol
548. How do they know it came from outside our solar system or that our own asteroid belts don't have any asteroid shaped like that? It could have come from just passed Pluto, couldn't it?
549. Its actually just a giant mirror flying towards us. #FLATEARTH#
550. if we name things like that with the date of discovery (2017) aliens who can read all or our labeling will think something extremely important will have happened at year 0.
551. so we're waiting for aliens to come and help us evolve... why dont we help the amnimals evolve here?  What if we gave dolphins legs and a thumb, what could they do?
552. this is amazing, I dont think we have another chance of actually bringing back something from another solar system in our lifetime, so to have one show up is pretty cool and sad that a rock flung just from another star is something our civilization with all its technology still cant reach nevermind exploring it all and seeing it first hand,  If I were Nasa I would direct all efforts to study/sample that thing, the rest of our solar system isnt going anywhere, this thing is once in a civilization time event, or who knows could be our only shot to get a glimpse of whats going on in the rest of the universe.
553. Will its rotation effect its trajectory  ?
554. *NASA sends a probe to take samples of oumuamua*  *Archer:* you want an alien invasion?! Because that’s how you get an alien invasion!
555. The shape of this object seems artificial. Could this object be a long dead probe, perhaps with a mission like the Voyager probes, sent to make a flyby of planets in some other solar system?Is there any chance we might be able to prove this object is artificial in the time we have left?      I would hate for it to get away before we have a good idea why it is this shape.
556. Just hope this never hits Earth or the Moon. It'll be like a bullet.I like to look at the solar system as a living thing.If one planet gets affected slowly all will.
557. It’s from the marianas web of my inner consciousness @pure_fanatics on twitter.. I went through a possession around the time u discovered this. I prayed for it to meet me in the la or something in contact with it I suppose. I prayed last summer in Virginia Beach. I prayed for something from the farthest I could get my astral mind. Very cool. It swims through the dark abyss with life in a different plane on it, as a serpentine eagle from the deep sea of space.
558. hahaha but sure does look like a giant joint
559. I wonder why they cant show us actual footage of it? thats sus
560. They just now saw this thing blink 30 days ago...and they've been waiting decades to see it blinking...or is it kazabillion years...or quackzillion (heavy on the quack) decades...give or take several trillion years?  Is it just me or does that one guys head seem a little big for his body?...and his neck sort of pencil?  Unlike that lady who is the opposite.  I think they might be making her do everything.   Just sayin'.
561. Looks like a giant alien joint 👽
562. Can't spaceX remake the video? It would have cool music and graphics then
563. Hmm, maybe it's Orions "Sword"?
564. Dang it, now there's actual evidence for flat-earthers...
565. If You already are exited now, wait until it changes course 👽👽👽👽👽👽👽
566. u cant fake space. .no gravity....thats real..u fools are in denial. .how much trillions are in space to detect this????? are u a scientists. .. are u denying this happened when there showing u ...its an alien object...
567. Rendezvous with rama ...its happening
568. ... arriving "first" or arriving "fast"? Video says first, text says fast.
569. What if it's just a alien ship and they just saying it's a rock to cover it up
570. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rendezvous_with_Rama
571. the Zentradi have arrived!  Fire up the SDF1!
572. Welcome to our solar system!
573. How did they find it
574. I figured aliens could roll better than this...........
575. rendezvous with rama moment? lol
576. Y'all still haven't scrape the surface
577. Would be nice if we could rendezvous that thing. I wonder how many delta V would it take.
578. IT'S RAMA!
579. maybe there is something inside the rock....
580. I love seeing a woman very excited and enthusiastic about a rock hard object ten times longer than wide
581. Wow . . it looks like a big joint !
582. That asteroids long, and strong, and bound to get the friction on!
583. If we know what direction it's going, then we know what direction it came,  so, WHAT'S BACK THERE? Is there a star system in its reverse path? That's it's origin.  I bet it starts slowing down, AND CHANGES TRAJECTORY...
584. Unusual, unexpected and unexplained giant cylindrical object enters solar system, *and we don't call it RAMA?!!*  Hello Earth!
585. All hail the arrival of Ziltoid the Omniscient!
586. Honest question. Does anyone have a good idea for how something like that can form that is ten times longer than it is wide?  It's just too flat to be a two asteroids in contact. You don't get things like that out of impacts. Forming out of a hot cloud of gas doesn't produce cigar shapes.  How about something being blown straight out of a super nova?
587. Ever watch the arrival?😂
588. ..."that's no moon, it's a space doobie"...
589. It's too bad they couldn't land a probe on it and hitch a ride it would have been fascinating to see what it's made of
590. I wonder what other beings named our solar system?
591. a dead alien space ship
592. They don`t know for sure. They only know the current trajectory. It could be the result of a collision in the Oort cloud which surrounds our solar system. I wish they would also say it in their video. they make it sound like they know for sure.
593. Rendezvous with RAMA. Arthur C. Clarcke. It scares me, because he EXACTLY described the same object. Even with the same length
594. Kelly is super excited! :D
595. take a look to the Apollo 20 mission and compare the space craft
596. Pretty cool, although I do have to admit it reminds me of the joints I used to roll.
597. It is actually a fragment of battleship man,  from A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away ...
598. Why is nasa jpl on my recommended list. Something has to be wrong
599. Visitors came saw what was going on this year and said "nope"
600. incredible, God is great !
601. God rolled a joint.
602. Imagined if we got samples somehow from that asteroid and dated it.  The solar system is about 4.5 billion years old imagine how old the rock is.
603. U.F.J (unidentified flying joint)    😆
604. What a load of bs.Over excited brain washed scientists slash actors.Cmon NASA ffs loosing credibility every day.
605. well done NASA!
606. wow, yes, and once again this is the stuff that makes the internet great!!
607. I think it is one of God's doobies. Probably rolled off his couch after he rolled it. His giant hand will come our way soon looking for it.
608. You do not have to be a gardener, you can buy this solar light and it brighten up your garden every night https://shopcept.com/collections/smart-products/products/mising-waterproof-54-led-solar-light-2835-smd-white-solar-power-outdoor-garden-light-pir-motion-sensor-pathway-wall-lamp-3-7v
609. how could you name astheroid something that does not resemble the basic notions of what an astheroid is? pure bs.. you also forgot to say that the object reflects light in a very unusual way.
610. Amazing
611. Most likely metallic and ejaculated (shot out) by a supernova.
612. Don't be alarmed.  This is just a midsize spacewreck from the battle of Ioz, 2 million years ago.  Expect to see more combat debris passing through our starsystem over the next few months, as it was a large battle and over 2,000 ships were destroyed or abandoned.  The rusty red color is typical of Cycanthis class 5 cruisers, which had thick iron hulls supporting linear ferromagnetic fields for particle shielding at lightspeed.  Too bad we can't salvage the drive hardware in that sucker.
613. Love it is a strange shape for the first object from other suns
614. What I can't believe is why we have 4K res capability back in 1969 & this is still blurred? come on NASA (not a straight answer) am I going to die before we at least get anti-gravity vehicles !@#$ come on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
615. sometimes a cigar is just a cigar...
616. WOW..... And here we hwve found something that might prove game changer , its amazing what the implications of this discovery would be when put to use. We are struggling to send objects deep in space & here we have a bogey..  I wonder if there are objects that make inter galactic travels. That wouid be a totally different apple to bite.🍎🍎🍎
617. I'm sorry why did they not call it Rama???
618. Cool.  What could it be made from.  It came close to the sun but no vapor was released?
619. like star trek voyage home movie
620. was für eine ungewöhliche form das objekt besitzt. ich denke das unsere wissenschaftler noch nicht einmal ein zehntel dessen gesehen haben, was das universum für sie (uns alle) bereithält. die möglichkeit der formen sind legion! wie schön wäre es wenn wir alle konflikte auf unserem planeten friedlich beenden würden. die immensen summen die zuvor in die rüstung gesteckt wurden, könnten helfen den grossteil der probleme zu beseitigen und uns wesentlich interessanteren feldern zuzuwenden.man stelle sich nur vor, das all die geistigen kapazitäten endlich für andere dinge  zur verfügung stehen würden. wir könnten uns endlich mit der raumfahrt befassen und ihr den stellenwert einräumen der ihr gebührt. die abwehr von fremdkörpern die die erde zerstören könnten, wäre z-b. ein sehr wichtiges aufgabenfeld. und endlich die entwicklung eines antriebs der es uns gestattet  zum mars zu fliegen und wieder zurück in sagen wir mal 2-3 monaten. das wäre doch phänomenal, oder etwa nicht?! die erforschung unseres universums und der beginn der interstellaren raumfahrt. und aber nur ganz vielleicht - die erweiterung unserer lebensspanne auf 200 jahre? krankheiten und den hunger besiegen! menschen die möglichkeit geben an sauberes wasser zu kommen, ohne von geldgierigen konzernen ausgebeutet zu werden. kindern die möglichkeit geben zu lernen - all das negative in positives zu verwandeln. ohne angst und vorurteilen aufeinander zuzugehen, denn wir sind alle eins! wir alle stammen von nur ein paar tausend individueen ab die vor ewigen zeiten in afrika lebten.und irgendwann einmal hatten sie das bedürfnis einer veränderung und machten sich auf zu einer bis heute andauernden reise! << was ich damit sagen will ist das wir alle aus sternenstaub bestehen, uns nur zu dem weiterentwickelt haben, was wir heute sind undarauf können wir alle stolz sein. we all are humans, born to make mistakes.
621. This is just an alien “flypast” probe.  After all, aren’t we ourselves thinking about sending such things to closest stars one day?
622. Haha another remnant of omicron persei 7. Yeah we didn't like them so we destroyed their planet
623. Intelligent life scanning earth? Never A Sraight Answer
624. Panspermia.
625. I love how excited Kelly is. You can't fake that.
626. It was making a programmed gravity assist course change. :0)
627. hope we will not see any change of course by it  X
628. Thats a fukn spaceship
629. What a load of Trash
630. It's a shame we can't put a lander on it. Probably could learn allot.
631. 👎
632. 2017, A Space Odyssey
633. it is like Cardassian Cargo ship
634. At what a speed is it traveling and could it be an Oort cloud object?
635. I want a sample return mission! We have no idea when or if an opportunity to get a physical material sample from beyond our solar system will come again.
636. woow...a rock went through our solar system
637. thats a freaking ship that will meet thor, loki and the other on their way to the earth!!!
638. Could you at least have an intern narrate this thing? I come to youtube to WATCH and LISTEN to information, if I wanted to read, I'd be on Phys.org
639. But we can not see Niburu
640. It looks like an interstellar doobie. Just sayin'...
641. Looks like a frozen waste dump from an alien ship
642. Ancient Aliens
643. Why 1 mil view in 2 days??
644. Nice artist rendition, I wounder what it really looks like
645. why are yall rushing for the extraterestial  God's and The creator to reveal themselves...don't you know it will not be a pleasant day for none...they have been telling y'all in the movies already.
646. derelict spaceship??
647. Sun to other Star: Dude, can you please pass on that Cigar, please...
648. It'll be back and will wait for responses back from Humpback Whales!
649. Possibly a shard or "chip"/piece from a HUGE asteroid that collided with something?
650. NASA is the biggest waste of money ever.  Just give Musk 5 billion so we can actually get something done.
651. RAMA
652. This astroid travels 35km/SECOND.imagine being in a spaceship and this astroid travels towards your ship..
653. Issa spaceship!
654. *Where's the picture*
655. More NASA Fake... where is the Intersteller Space Ships that Discover it ?? Ohh, thats right... we cant see beyond our Solar System...
656. Rendezvous with Rama
657. Monolith?
658. It's a Star Destroyer
659. Not only can we do nothing about an asteroid impact on Earth, we haven't prepared a probe that could have intercepted this object to study what we lament is too far but, just flew past our front door! If advanced life should have developed in many places in the universe, over eons, shouldn't there be many probes adrift everywhere?
660. amazing …… .
661. Thats a spaceship. Its the most extreme technology to mimic nature to get most of it. So they decided to make outer part of it with rocks and ice like the moon😉
662. Clearly looks like a ship of some sort
663. well it not come to vist us
664. Is this a trailer for an alien invasion movie?
665. I see on m'y TV
666. Is it so hard to get the real picture of this thing? I assume what we saw is not real?
667. Grab it !!
668. That was a Red Starship
669. That's a ship.. They are coming
670. Some one should build a space ship, fly it up to the asteroid, land on it and get a free ride to another galaxy.
671. Can't we gather all these flatards and push it somewhere else?
672. นี่ไม่ใช่การลวงโลกธรรมดาเเละ
673. I was the 1 millionth view!
674. LET'S GO GET IT!
675. Aliens
676. SOUNDS LIKE ALIENS!!!
677. NASA how big is galexy ?
678. I'm so happy that it didn't hit us!
679. ugh...yet another artist impression
680. I am really happy
681. Astroid:can you play with me guys? Planets and sun:no!
682. I am more upset that I won't be able to see the crazy and interesting things other solar systems and galaxies have to offer us. I'll be dead before we ever get close to being able to get to our neighbor solar system.
683. Why would it change direction at the ecliptic plane?
684. Visitas inesperadas e viajantes inesperados! Afinal há quem jogue aos dados ..na mecânica quântica há as leis das probabilidades.. e tal como na nossa vida quotidiana acontecem...será o primeiro e o último? ...outros virão e mais assombrosos virão!? O universo é um infinto que não pára de surpreender!
685. What if it came from a binary star system, where the gravitational forces of the two stars pulled and stretched the rock over millions and billions of years, and that’s why it has that random shape.
686. Parallel fresh go op universe divers smooth interference... Enjoy Your flight underway! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xep-W2Yh-D0 ‪Sisare - Geno (Official Video)‬ 11/20.2017
687. There are so many current objects they don't wanna talk about🤔
688. Three days not opening YouTube and they found interstellar object
689. ‘Planetary Defense officer’ that’s a pretty awesome job name.
690. it looks like an interstellar joint
691. Nasa is a place of liars and idiots.
692. Looks like silversurfer leg rope broke again..
693. Looks like the Battlestar Galactica
694. Unick asteroids like starship.
695. oh son this look like big .... ( austin power joke...anyone here)
696. they told us its and asteroid but what if its and alien mother ship , with everyone dead inside drifting in space
697. This might support some of the suggestions and/or claims that a few puzzling meteorites may have come from an extra-solar source.
698. Really interesting.
699. How far is this body and Voyager to each other? Probably Voyager may send photo of its and some other things like speed and time ro visit in the area of influence of Our planets of solar system
700. It’s Rama!
701. Are thay watching for more coming from the same point
702. Its the Cigar shape UFO.
703. I like to fish
704. pants on fire....
705. I think we should SMOKE it
706. it looks like a poorly rolled SPLIF  :)
707. Let's capture it please we can learn more
708. Asteroids have tails bum holes
709. Rendevouz with Rama anyone?
710. Pre curser for nibaru
711. LOL. It's "Rendezvous with Rama" in real life!
712. Ummm I'm not a genius but what would make an object move in space? Like... How did it get that much velocity from just being in SPACE??!???!?
713. "Oh WOW...!!!" NASA has seen "something!" AND, everyone "buys this???" Seriously! They can take a picture of this asteroid sooo...far out in space yet, they cannot take a single snapshot of the entire Earth??? GET REAL!!! PURE...B**L S**T...!!!
714. That is Neil deGrasse Tyson designed spaceship enabling him to travel interstellar space............................and NASA continues to hold down the black man by telling us it's an astroid.
715. Aliens
716. im not saying its aliens but its aliens
717. Rama anyone?
718. You're doing a disgrace to yourself by pandering to sensationalism. You're taking upper extreme data (1:10 aspect ratio) and present it as a fact.  Chances that 'Oumuamua looks like that are remote. Most likely it's a 1:6 body with a very slight reddish tint, very dark. NOTHING like what you've filled the Internet with last few days.  I know you're afraid you'll lose funding because of the orangutan president, but please don't succumb to sensationalism. That's not science and it only ruins already corroded trust in you.
719. This is how NASA says it's swamp gas.
720. Kinda reminds me of The Doomsday Machine from the original Star Trek series. Season 2; Episode 6, 1967.
721. $52 million a day Nasa gets,.... and we get an artist's concept of interstellar asteroid 1I/2017 U1 ('Oumuamua) hmmmm. https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/news/news.php?feature=7006  I know it is a lot to ask, but when can we get some REAL photos???
722. Secureteam10
723. Fake new!!!
724. This is fake
725. Wow CGI Again!!!! Mehhh
726. I wonder how many Google searches it took NASA to come up with it's Hawaiian name
727. So , what is it's speed ? Is the trajectory hyperbolic ? Is it going to escape the solar system ?
728. *That's no asteroid. It's a space-joint!*
729. maybe it was an armored spacecraft from another planet
730. Wow scientists you could not catch it!? It was so near to us you could have send a vehicle to pick it up. We would know more of other solar sysrems.
731. It’s an alien flyby probe so there.....
732. This is so cool :)
733. Î get that everyone wants to develop their individual style, but Lindley Johnson is seriously rocking the toothbrush? :O
734. Why do they keep referring it to as a object if they know it’s an asteroid ..
735. the biggest cigarette in the whole universe
736. inb4 it's Rama
737. Wait wtf I live in Maui it better not hit me  or I’m gonna go to Africa
738. Anybody here read Eon by Greg Bear?
739. We need to replicate the shape of it and make a  ship to travel really fast.
740. I don't get why the asteroid left going faster than it came.   I can visualize it speeding up as it approached the Sun or Jupiter, but don't those bodies also exert an accumulated pull as the object moves away?   Intuitively I would think the speed would end up the same coming and going.
741. Looks like a big joint lol:)
742. Its the Black Marker from Dead Space...
743. it's the rail gun bullet that missed its target from some far away galactic war
744. It's a pity that we don't have the technology to send out a spaceship to meet up with it and study it.  It must be mostly metal to have stayed together with that length to width ratio.
745. this is fascinating to say the least. it's moving around 58,000 mph! voyager 1 is moving around 28,000 mph so it fair to say it can outrun voyager😆
746. First interstellar marijuana joint.
747. BS
748. How nice, I live at about the 2,500 foot level of Haleakala and know scientist who work at the  imaging telescope center mentioned. I will speak with them about this very interesting subject. Aloha from maui
749. Strange shape and color..  Maybe an alien spaceship getting a gravitational assistance xD
750. heavenly dookie.
751. Is it a helicopter?
752. it does help prove that we could possibly travel to other galaxies and not be turned into dust :) if a "rock" could survive, i think humans could find a way to make a shuttle as strong as that asteroid.  Elon can work on fuel,something powered by space dust or something ;) nice job with the video
753. Yet they purpose budget cuts for nasa.
754. its freakin Spaceship ir spacepod!!!! duh!!
755. Stanisław Lem described such an encounter in Tales of Pirx the Pilot. It was an abandoned spaceship from another civilization. And Pirx was so unlucky that memory banks in his ship had a failure just before and during the encounter so he could not store its trajectory. It was lost forever.
756. Drinking game: Take a shot every time they say "object".
757. Long like a Worm, reddish in color ..is it made of Wood ?
758. Why didn’t NASA grab the object? Lazy fuckers.
759. interesting its named 2017 ui //  when 2017 gave us (u)ltra (i)nstint Goku
760. so we can see this thing using the hubble and other telescopes earth based, yet cant see the surface of pluto or any other planet in superb detail lol yeah ok
761. If we only focused more on space travel and technologies an less on destroying our self's, we could of of had a rover or some sort of craft with instruments prove the asteroid and maybe even have a craft hitched a ride to explore the unknown,...
762. very cool just 1 question why is all pictures of earth cgi why all the computer models ? why have you not taken real pictures of earth ?
763. Why this is amazing: It’s a 1/4,836,302,384,200 chance you can spot a asteroid of that size coming from outside the solar system.
764. Amazing discovery!  I wonder how long ʻOumuamua has been traveling through the interstellar space before visiting our very small corner of the galaxy and how long it will continue.
765. Podobny do statku gwiezdnego co jest na ksiezycu
766. It could be a spaceship wreck from an alien civilization! :)
767. Its a spaceship
768. Wow - the first interstellar Doobie.
769. Nobody got reminded of the 'Rama' spacecraft?
770. It would of been incredible if we could have taken samples of it in order to find ultra ancient viruses or virus-like fossils. Could you imagine if said fossils were older than our solar system? My imagination is running wild!
771. Alien space ship
772. Just say what it is NASA....
773. FAKE NEWS
774. Dumbest theory wins! Go!
775. Looks like a Mon Calamari Star Cruiser.
776. Can you say unequivocally that it is from interstellar space?  I mean 20 years ago astrophysicists were saying gas giants couldn't form close to their host star, and many other held theories are now being proved wrong.
777. Theres the flat earth... 400ft of it lol
778. This is Amazing & I'm interested in learning more about it. I have a question I hope to find out some day. So if this asteroid is from a different galaxy and has been flying through space God knows how long, but my question is by entering a new atmosphere, new galaxy, Could that has caused any changes in the object??
779. lol im no tin foil hat man but the fact its very long skinny and from another solar system ermmm?
780. Rama?
781. Looks like a big joint.
782. Long and skinny. Could it be a big crystal of some sort?
783. So was this Planet X or nah
784. Douglas Adams was right - You do get blue whales in space  as posited in his famous work.
785. The remnants of the Doomsday Machine!
786. looks like a giant space joint
787. If we could catch them we could sample them. You never know what kinds of compounds it might have.
788. I have a theory for its elongation. What if (since they told its really old) It traveled from some black hole and it got spaghettified. And than it got expelled from the black holes accretion disk and traveled to us.
789. General Products #2 Hull.
790. A theory on why it is so oddly shaped: Two large objects(possibly planets or moons) collided. The heat from the collision caused the rock or metal to become molten. The energy from the collision threw this particular mass of molten rock/metal out of the gravitational influence from its star system. However as it was escaping, the gravity stretched the molten mass before or while it was cooling creating the elongated shape.
791. Keep fooling yourself folks.
792. That's amazing! The physical properties of objects could change based on the galaxy it's in. Like changing server rules. It could have been built and fired like a bullet by another civilization. It could be made of anything or have anything attached to it. Very exciting.
793. We are from Nambia.
794. I get where people can think that the moon landing is fake, but there are some people here that think that this was fabricated by NASA using the fake moon landing hypothesis as an excuse to blame them .
795. The aliens are sending in their own nukes
796. Honestly so mysterious and perplexing
797. I doubt if it's the "first". Maybe the first time they identified one.
798. *OH MA MA*
799. Anybody else think it looks like  "Home 1" from Star Wars? I mean it DID come from a galaxy far far away...
800. Is that flat earth
801. The shape is 'Nothing like any objects in our solar system' is a clue that this object has undergone an extraordinary process. To come that close to our Sun is also extraordinary, an object of that size travelling through interstellar space would hardly get gravitationally attracted to our Sun. The whole thing is extraordinary, not ordinary. A strange shaped object from an interstellar destination has been heading towards our star for millions of years. Very strange.
802. Could this be the asteroid that Anubis sent to Earth? #StargateSG1
803. If we assume for a sec that this object is a spaceship, I wonder if nasa scientists can calculate the next destination of that object assuming it's using our sun as a sling shot to reach another star.
804. the ultimate "Hail Mary"
805. The Doomsday Machine?
806. earth is FLAT
807. Did you name it the Doomsday Machine?
808. hasn't this already happen earlier this year !?
809. This is what our money goes to fund? Bunch of ppl looking at a rock
810. What if it has something to do with black holes. Thus the shape
811. ur mamma so old she is floating through interteller space
812. That girl is really very very excited...calm down !
813. Its a Mon calamari cruiser.
814. Awk its interstellar object, very unique shape? Wait till it starts changing direction lol
815. So when are we gonna mine it. China would probably claim it too and start building an island out of It because it was part of an ancient alien map. Hehe.
816. Please hit earth
817. if its travelling for such long time shoudn't it be more round or spherical than that long shape
818. when is it going to arrive in out ss? probably aliens will also come out when it anchors.
819. only reason people say possible ufo is because cigar shape UFO's have been spotted before... sheep gon stay sleepin
820. That was like a scripted movie..
821. Let's just hope we don't hear whale sounds from it.
822. It is a rock that has been through a wormhole.  Just kidding. It's a spaceship.
823. So it came from outside our galaxy then changed trajectory by 90 degrees?,  or did it leave our galaxy and change trajectory 4 times by 90 degrees and came back?
824. As a kid, I always wanted to work for NASA. Imagine all the cool space stuff you get to see.
825. Scientist 1: Hey guys, what shall we name it? Scientist 2: I saw a Facebook video of an african guy with a crazy name. Let's name it Owueowueewewewamo. Scientist1: What? Scientist 2: Owueowueewewewamo Scientist 1: Say again? Scientist 2: Owueowueewewewamo Scientist 1: Let's do this!
826. I think a space monster pooted...
827. Question: Why don't they show at least one actual image of it? Why is every single image of it shown CGI?  Answer: NASA lies
828. I hope im not the only one who's getting rendezvous with rama vibes from this
829. What if we could land a telescope on an interstellar asteroid the telescope wouldn't need fuel to travel
830. Was it carrying the protomolecule? 😛
831. Where is a REAL image of this object?
832. Imagine what secrets that asteroid could’ve held. It’s basically like having another world billion of miles away come straight to us.
833. Its an other nasa fake. I watched hundreds of videos on you tube, i know what im talking about. I tell you guys , this is fake. 😩
834. They had the chance to name it "Rama", and they decided not to take it.
835. Surely we are going to want to send a probe to sample materials? I so want there to be a message inscribed on the surface :) Clarke's Rama definitely springs to mind
836. This could be scout ship from another planet. Well it doesn't look like one. That's what scouts are meant to.
837. Wait... Is this a joint?
838. Alien craft for sure using our solar system to slingshot
839. If this happens again, we should our own spacecraft inside. Free protective layer and free ride out of the solar system
840. Idea: catch up to it, drill a hole into it, and put a craft inside that's designed to come out the moment it detects a change in direction (i.e. reaches another star)
841. They say it was an asteroid but it wasn't
842. Похож на крокодила.
843. Alien finger flow to our solar system😐😓
844. We should attach some kind of a recorder on to one of these things then retrieve it when it swings back our way.
845. Its the "Lifeforce" ( Space Vampires )  Space ship.  :)
846. ahahahaha
847. What if it is a test? if we destroyed it we were deemed to difficult to attack. If we let it pass we will be deemed an easy target for invasion?
848. That’s no asteroid, that’s a spaceship
849. Actually it's a Zentradi battle ship looking for the SDF-1
850. Wow, incredible CG, it looks so real… 🤔
851. How was it determined that it was interstellar?
852. It’s an intergalactic blunt
853. Nothing surprising
854. Black hole/ collisio/ gravitational pressure chang3e through out the different solar system, if it is true this object came from another solar system then the shape can happend in our solar system
855. the snipers bullet is tumbling. imagine the dope chart for that shot. scary thing is look how close it got...  i bet the shooter lost a bet. i bet they're disappointed with themselves.  ;)
856. It's a ship
857. Nasa is such a joke. Mathematically, it would be impossible for this to have been the first interstellar object discovery, unless your not really looking....Or, your outdated, unfunded, 40 year old equipment that is duct taped together, doesn't work so well anymore...Figure out how to clean up all the space trash you have left out there, and be useful for once...
858. It is named Rama. It would not be the first time that A. C. Clark accurately predicted the future.
859. Hope it smash into the moon...so it looks like it's smoking a cigar.
860. Rendevouz with Oumuamua.
861. Never A Straight Answer ... /-:
862. These guys know it is not a natural asteroid ...  This is an interstellar vehicle most likely made by our own reptilian race doing long range recon ...  (-;
863. Looks a lot like the supposed cigar shaped ship that is on the moon.
864. No aliens come back. Where is my foil hat.
865. My guess is the shape came from passing close enough to another star or heat source such as a large planet. It may not have been rotating at the time so one side was getting bombarded by heat and it began to melt and slide away as it passed, the molten side maybe getting friction from the atmosphere as it passed and the other side being cooler so the liquid rock or whatever its made of sort of flowed away behind it making it elongated then cooled as it exited a star or planets atmosphere. It got a huge gravity whip long ago and has been zipping through space since. Would be cool to actually see this is real life.
866. Theory   This is a joint that god was smoking
867. Greetings,   What you see is not an asteroid. It is most likely an interstellar Grey Battleship, or probably a  reconnaissance unit from Battlestar Galactica:)  My dear friends in NASA are very much aware that there are fleets of extraterrestrials with their projectiles clocked and unclocked throughout our solar system. I have confidential reports regarding most of the interstellar and intergalactic fleets throughout Andromeda and Milky Way galaxies. Our Pleiadian families such as Maya, Alcyon, and Siris including Grey battleship units are patrolling our solar system! Therefore, The presence of this ship neither should be surprising and nor exciting.  Not all the ones up there are benevolent, there are many malevolent ones too:)  But no worries, since our Angels frack with the malevolent ones!  Cosmic Sensory unit: Farbot Burun'Net Nia
868. WOW... this could be an object that we were looking for. Imagine a probe sitting on it. How much fuel cost would it save? And finally we have an affordable way for iterstellar travel, which by far is still science fiction
869. This object is traveling with massive speed. I hope to fit a camera on it, which could pass voyager in 2 3 years top.
870. Beautiful. A bunch of nerds getting hype about a rock
871. Space is so creepy. Those days when you start thinking. How far does it go? Is there an end? What's out there? Why does it exist? what's the point? So many questions and no answers. We all go about living our days like it's normal yet we forget just how incredible it is beyond our atmosphere.
872. It's not a boulder   *It's a rock*
873. That looks like a ULCC , a Mega Tanker
874. ..."millions of years, or maybe billions of years,we don't know". Same answer when asked how far back dinosaurs existed. Dinosaurs were created by man in antediluvian for food.
875. Just one question : Do you think I care
876. Im not one of those alien nuts but it does get you thinking since this is a interstellar object and it doesn't follow the usual shape of an astroid. It's a mile long cylinder and cigar shaped UFOs have been seen before... It's factual to say we arent 100% on what it is, so there's always a minute chance it's a UFO.  Just because it's far fetched doesn't mean it's impossible...
877. Why hasn't any solar system gravity's brought it into orbit?
878. What if that was Superman's capsule and it missed?x(
879. Anyone else thought this was giant blunt?
880. Reminds me of Rendezvous with Rama
881. And what if we can able to get one of these samples interstellar space rocks for further analysis and discover something new and intereting stuffs on it. Learn some new facts which can help to undestand how our universe really works. Interesting!!
882. what if is a alien spaceship with a disguise ? :O
883. it's The MONOLITH , from "2001" - encrusted with Space Dust
884. Why don't  U explain why ur saying now there is NO PLANET X????? Yet u have been saying there is.... It doesn't matter what you call it,jus tell us the TRUTH,Don't B AFFRAID !!!!!
885. God's Universe is Vast and Splendiferous!  Read Psalm chapter 19.
886. It's an alien spacecraft
887. Когда пролетит?
888. What if that strange asteroid is actually a hive of intergalactic parasites who's sole purpose is to infect other solar systems and multiply destroying entire worlds and eco systems creating horrendously mutated zombie like creatures that we'll fight until our untimely demise...or it's just a cool looking asteroid.
889. space dookie
890. 2:23 She is so excited
891. It's been exciting for them to fake all this. The only thing this object is incoming to do is take more of ur taxpayer money in NASA's pockets in dark military projects. They are a bunch of liars and will always be
892. Rock hard God, Rock hard.
893. UFO
894. Lol a piece breaks off lands on earth and has a deadly disease we’ve never came across. we all dead.
895. I hope it's a spaceship filled with some sort of alien life that will freely give us some new technology.
896. It's a space ship from our future time-traveling back to meet its creator! U can bet your house on that.
897. It's the magical joint 420 blazing through the sky!!!
898. Its a spaceship......
899. It's just a rock....
900. Its a fucken backwood
901. So exciting!!!
902. Amazing.
903. Gained 150 Milky Way research data
904. How would they know what interstellar trajectory even looks like if this is the first time it has happened? If this asteroid is from another solar system we should be more concerned with what other debris will enter our solar system.
905. Oumuamua, a Hawaiian word meaning “a messenger from afar arriving first.”
906. Can it be an alien space ship ????????
907. It's wilzeyack, and he's from the MOON🌙
908. Why don't we capture it....? Sounds small compared to regular ones....
909. Now they're just mocking us..
910. Why not named as RAMA ?
911. They are just covering their butts. This is alien. It's Goku's  spaceship.
912. That was a quick repsonse observation, you using radar for our solar system ?
913. Its rosie odonalds vibrator 😣
914. It's a shard from a larger solid asteroid or other body after collision. Probably ancient. Shame we can't date it.
915. It’s a Mon Calamari Flagship
916. It is a UFO
917. what if it's an interstellar North Korea testing their new missiles?
918. well about time they had to say something about this i seen strange things happen to the sun about 9 are 10 months ago  they just now are to the point they can not hide it no more
919. that is no asteroid. Those are off world citizens on the way, some are already here we've already met them.
920. That is definitely a peculiar shape for an asteroid. Its incrdeble the amount of things we have yet to discover.
921. NASA lies
922. Alien Mothership in Disguise?
923. APOD 2017-11-22 _(»'Oumuamua: Interstellar Asteroid«)_ sent me here. Cheers!
924. It's a giant joint made by the aliens
925. Rendezvous with Rama!
926. NO! I chose my robot overlord not alien overlord!
927. ooo what are the odds of that to change direction from the gravity of saturn and hit earth at that speed lol.
928. Where the flat earthers now?? 😂
929. 666K views...
930. Asteroid on a Cobb.  Wubba lubba...
931. Is mayonnaise an instrument?
932. But does it have oil?
933. 1:47 there is only one star named "sun"
934. maybe at one point it was an average shaped asteroid, but it's been stripped of all of its valuable resources?
935. Thinking about it could have taken hundreds millions of year or even one billion to pass by our solar system.
936. 100% aliens
937. Andromeda???
938. Even I am in awe. Though, at some of the questions posed, I do have some ideas on the shape. A high rotation speed over very long periods of time perhaps spun it into that very elongated "rod." As it lengthened, it slowed rotational
939. it's a dormant Reaper
940. It's just Matthew McConaughey perpetually yelling "Murph!" as he aimlessly flies around the galaxy...
941. It's a joint who Nibaru losed!
942. We still got humpback whales here, right?
943. Well at least it doesn't look like a packet of Benson & Hedges...
944. Have any of you dummies even watched this video? It's came and gone already.
945. So wow. Much space.
946. It's child Superman.
947. But does it have green Kryptonite? Inquiring Luther Minds want to know
948. Keep kicking space *ss guys!
949. Apart from the theoretical science that establishes potential size / shape / composition of this object, which has not been directly observed, surely of more relevant scientific interest, would be to calculate reverse trajectory in order to establish likely sources of the object. This is working with hard data, and may open doors into further research, enhancing our knowledge of interstellat activity, and composition of other solar systems ?
950. Alien spacecraft, NASA- Never A Straight Answer, fer goodness sakes it's name means scout
951. This is so so fascinating!
952. What!!!!! Gravity didn’t turn it into a sphere how can this be .....?
953. Maybe Elon Musk will be the first to land on the moon.
954. A fake organization, paid by democrats. America doesn't believe a word these actors say.
955. So trending did somthing good today so proud of it !!
956. Looks Like A Blunt..........
957. Спасибо.
958. was the object tumbling for real, like in the animation? or was that just for dramatic effect?
959. I hope it doesn't have a bunch of giant bugs on it.....
960. Oh look .. more junk coming in our space.
961. I'm not even gonna ask why this video has dislikes
962. You think Aliens are observing this and laughing at how we are so intrigued by a Rock and there's "still quite a bit to learn" about it?!
963. It would be cool if we could one day intercept objects like these we could learn so much about the formation of other solar systems.
964. "It's very puzzling how it could obtain its shape" it's not puzzling when you admit that it's an alien spacecraft that came to observe earth. Just saying
965. It's the silver surfer ...!
966. Shouldve named it Rama
967. Stop saying it's an asteroid, it's clearly a Raman spaceship!
968. It should be named "Rama", after the book "Rendezvous with Rama", which featured an elongated object from another solar system.
969. mi pregunta seria que lo impulso para adquirir casi la velocidad de la luz, si la velocidad en el espacio de un objeto es constante?
970. Why did it made such an unusual and sudden course alteration? After all, in the video, Planetary defense officer Lindley Johnson said it passed by many suns.  Even though they are all probably uninhabitable, lots of suns have planets around them.  What if it did that around almost every sun it encountered?  Also in their recreation of it on this video, we didn't see any red on the asteroid.
971. Imagine having the job title of "Planetary Defense Officer".
972. you a know what I was excited to watch this video but I realized they are NASA and for some reason I just can't trust anything they say... like there's this tiny voice inside saying LIES!!!  because I mean the cover ups are ridiculous
973. It's such a shame that there's no practical way to get a probe to it. To have a piece of another star system come to us and not be able to do up close analyses on it is agonizing. Who knows if/when another will come by?
974. Bruh they where observing us
975. ALIENS!
976. Just watch how we gonna die from this thing...
977. Not an alien spacecraft. It is a resource rod that was a test of our civilization. If we were able to retrieve the rod, we would have been awarded with a bounty of rare metals and probably contact from interested extraterrestrials.
978. It's kinda sad, we (the world as a hole) easily could have been prepared to take samples like this that fly bye now  but we keep fighting with each other.  Wish we could send away all the people that dont want to get along.  I wish we could take money out of the equation and everyone find a skill.  I guess I can dream and try to raise my kids to be responsible and contributor to society.  Hope everyone has a great day 😉
979. sometimes an asteroid is just an asteroid.
980. ALL FORCES MOVE OUT! WE ARE UNDER ATTACK BY ALIEN INVADERS IN SECTOR 412. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, REPEAT THIS IS NOT A DRILL. ALL FORCES PROCEED AT ONCE IN BATTLE FORMATION.  ZENTRAEDI CONFIRMED!!!
981. It's a trap
982. Why does it have to miss us
983. Red asteroid you say? More like Element 115 came to turn us into Zombies.
984. 494...
985. here come the flat-earthers
986. What is coming next?
987. 1:09  Y’all are getting trolled.  Rick rolled.    That’s space doody....
988. ...hmmm?..."red in color", that's what raw "native copper" looks like.  Any "mass" calculations available on this object, yet?    Imagination soars!  What better way for intelligence (organic or mechanical) to give a check-out to this oh so electromagnetically noisy planetary system, and be minimally challenged as it passes through.  That shape just shouts "it's a space ship...a space ship thickly clad in dense metal, with the exterior surface all angular and edged...isn't such a stochastic surface one of our modern "stealth" warplanes main ways of deflecting & scattering radar investigations....as Jimmy Buffett once sang in a song of his, "...it was so obvious it plum evaded me."  Big UP! to the crew of the interloper, may you all "Live long and prosper."  ...thanks Dr. Spock!
989. Looks like a really big blunt
990. It's a generation starship. Duh.
991. I hope that is an alien spaceship
992. Cgi
993. This is AAI made.
994. Monolith
995. Is there any way to analyse a sample ? By placing a saml bot in it ?
996. Our Solar system is in a galaxy, isn't it.
997. Imagine the places that asteroid has been. NASA should throw a camera on it and watch it’s travels forever!!
998. Yoooooo I'm getting Rendezvous with Rama vibes from this!!!!!!!!!
999. Is it possible to trace it's orbital path backward in time to try to arrive at a few suspect stars systems where this object might have originated from?
1000. The Mayans have returned.
1001. Black Rock in Muslim's Kaba is actually out of our solar system,Australian man who stole part of it later gave it to British  researcher
1002. Amazing. Shows true power of humanity. If I was Peter Weyland, I would send a team to capture and look for new elements and push humanity further.
1003. Planetery defense guy is sweating ,maybe he knows something that we don't
1004. Sand is more exciting. It's so tiny.
1005. Jesus? Is that you?
1006. Seems like an interesting opening scene for the next alien movie
1007. My thoughts on the shape of the object: 1. May be the gravity in that part of the universe is different than ours, 2. It may travel so fast that in the past it changed it shape with time 3. It travel travel through a gravitational anomaly and stretched on it's way to here 4. Finally it's all about what it's made of  So the shape is long cigar-shaped I hope scientist find the answer soon
1008. I hate NASA and the people who work there. They are all a bunch of nerdy space geek Liars.
1009. Is it too late to throw trump on it with a slim Pickens hat?
1010. That’s awesome, if ONLY we could catch it and study it, maybe get a sign of new life, I’m just dying from curiosity of what and who else is out there
1011. its a planet cracking bullet!!!!!
1012. Imagine if they would've been able to take a sample from this rock. It would've been like the movie 'Life' where an alien grows from it and eventually destroys human life form.
1013. the title is misleading the scientists in this video didn't call the object an asteroid , it could be anything, so why jump into conclusions ? is there any scientific proof to call this Unidentified Interstellar Object an Asteroid ?
1014. Looks like a giant doobie 🤪
1015. Everyone's talking about spaceship, and my dumba** thought it was a blunt from the thumbnail lol
1016. Accepting the shape appears to be unique I wonder if there is any chance it could have originated in our solar system and was expelled from here.  Could it have been wandering the galaxy for millions of years and this was the return leg?  In any event it shows the astonishing capability of NASA and the other agencies.
1017. Its possibly an alien drone from the Vega star system doing a fly by with Earth verifying the origin of our radio wave emissions! It enter our solar system at a very steep angle near the sun at a very high speed to avoid detection until the very last moment then rendeavous with our planet to study its composition and signs of an advanced civilization. The so called "asteroid" doesnt even match its shape. Its a craft and we have just been visited! I wonder what the thermal imaging showed and how it compares to other asteroids. Also wonder what the electromagnetic wave scan might have shown!!
1018. The comments on this video are hILARIOUS
1019. Thought it was a blunt in the thumbnail
1020. I didn’t know there where space poops
1021. Wow! A space scientist's job is really hard. They have to be so patient and responsible.  I am Looking forward to knowing more about the asteroid's composition and other details.
1022. Totally a spaceship!
1023. It was a monolith! "2001: A Space Odyssey" comes true! More are on the way, right Dave? HAL? HAL? HAL?
1024. Biggest blunt ever
1025. Good job NASA...🇺🇸
1026. I really just don't understand how people can downvote something like this. It's non-partisan, not political in any way... It's literally a scientific observation. It's just science. I bet it's a bunch of loser low life-climate change denying neanderthals who got frozen in time a thousand years ago and discovered the internet recently.
1027. Impressive.
1028. well it makes u think, asteroids are mostly rounded shaped just like our planets. This asteroid is long and skinny, wouldn't it be cool if this asteroid came from a solar system where the planets are long and thin????
1029. The time is coming soon our judgment will be at hand
1030. This is so cool. My teacher would love to hear more about this.
1031. has nasa lost the power of speech ?
1032. We just sent a message to try to talk to aliens on another world:"Astronomers have sent a radio message to a neighbouring star system one of the closest known to contain a potential habitable planet and it's nearby enough that we could receive a reply in less than 25 years"- November 16 2017
1033. Ever read "Rama" by Authur C Clark?  It's Rama.  Maybe this was it's first pass.
1034. Cigar shaped? Tyler with @SecureTeam10 where you at?
1035. CGI
1036. what luck to have seen it.. i wonder how common this happens and we  have not detected them
1037. That rock maybe came from asgards extension 🤔🤔
1038. Just make sure there is no purple guy on in sitting on a chair with a wierd golden glove!
1039. The shape of this object seems some kind of high gravity interaction or spaghettification process might be responsible . As no gases are present , the solar wind may of blew them away or a black hole is approaching the solar system .
1040. It's hard for me to take this seriously.  Scientists get excited about pretty much anything.  Oh look, there's an interstellar rock, OMG!!  Oh look, there's this planet 10000000000000000 light years away that appears to have MUD!! omg!!!   Oh look, we found carbon on mars,, OMG!!!  Seriously...
1041. Can we snag it?  We gotta get better at catching those fuckers.
1042. YA ...CANT WAIT FOR ALL THE CGI OF THIS SO CALLED OBJECT.....GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1043. Aliens confirmed
1044. The whale Cartmen sent to the moon!
1045. The asteroid is flat not elongated ok people just like earth
1046. It's a cosmic blunt.
1047. This could be a good sci-fi movie concept
1048. hey RAMA fans! want to know what kind of attention an interstellar object would get? and how many images the public would get? about this much. -not saying it's a spaceship, people behind their desks, need to pick up the pace a bit. i mean seriously, this thing could hold the secrets of a piece of the composition of another solar system... and this is all the attention it's getting. We've been literally obsessed by the mere fantasy of going to other stars, and when piece comes right to out door step, we all but ignore it.
1049. its a huge crystal
1050. Wormwood.
1051. Is funny, how the "fake  Hawaiian " language is used very often. The first europeans to reach Hawaii were the Spaniards, not Captain James Cook. As per the spanish log books, from spanish galleons, there were not human population in Hawaii in the 1500s. I only assume today's fake Hawaiians came from Mexico, just like the people from the Phillipines and Guam.
1052. Wrong title. It isn't the first.
1053. Looks like a generation space ship.
1054. I'm not saying it's Aliens. But it's Aliens!
1055. That's no asteroid, it's a spaceship. And my hat itches.
1056. The Interstellar Pickle
1057. Terminus Est is upon us.  Burn the heretics!
1058. It's General Zod
1059. can someone explain how a red color means it's highly irradiated?
1060. It's Mork from Ork
1061. There may be two balls coming along with it. Watch for them!
1062. I bet you it's space junk from our planet 😒
1063. What you do after smoking that?
1064. Just pass by to drop some aliens off 😒yes like an uber
1065. Wouldn't you love to capture it and analyze it? See if other stellar systems have different compounds.
1066. This lady is so happy. i love it.
1067. 👽👽👽👽 IT's ALIENS! 👽👽👽👽
1068. Looks like a line of coke on the mirror
1069. Its just a cigar shaped craft
1070. How can something travel in space for millions of years and yet not crashing on a planet in any solar system?!
1071. This proves the earth is flat!!!! The asteroid can take that shape, so the earth can be disk shaped. Wake Up People!!!
1072. Its alien war ship! Parepare for the war! We need an international earth defense force and at least the ability to destroy entire earth!
1073. Deve ser a nave dos Klingons
1074. It kal el. He just missed our planet
1075. they should put on a probe and watch where it goes to get a ride from it
1076. Before leaves get on the rocks
1077. We haven't even been capable to go pass the Allen belts and some of you guys are all ready thinking of stopping the asteroid. Lol
1078. Its a giant space turd...I saw a peanut and a few pieces of corn
1079. That's no moon, it's a space station - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Nho44lGVV8
1080. Funny, NASA shows and artist depiction of an space object like they usually do and you believe blindly in it,
1081. NASA should graffiti a smiley face on it....
1082. It’s amazing that this object just happened to intersect our solar system on its interstellar journey, who knows if that thing has seen any other intelligent civilizations.
1083. very cool THANKS for sharing 🖒
1084. Rendezvous With Rama vibes.
1085. HD180902
1086. It’s the whale probe from Star Trek
1087. remnants of Krypton that exploded eons ago??
1088. My Dad use to have assteroids. Sometimes he couldn't sit down for days.
1089. Do you have proof that this is an interstellar object? No? ok...
1090. Well at least NASA  didn't give us a cgi picture of a satellite taking a picture of an asteroid.
1091. This is insane! I’m so excited to see what happens
1092. I'm not saying it's aliens... I'm just saying aliens.
1093. Star wars cargo ship passing through
1094. Incredibly awesome"
1095. They know this is "interstellar" how?
1096. Una nave base con humanos en pleno sueño  escapando del fin de otra galaxia, pasa por el sistema solar para tomar impulso hacia otra galaxia habitable mientras que nosotros miramos como pasa.
1097. Looks like a shard of a larger body, maybe ejected during a collision
1098. I am very facinated with the why and how can some one dislike a video like that. I get that first 10 to 20 dislikes are of people who just want to be different to the trend, but what's the pshycology between so many dislikes.
1099. Gods Movember
1100. This is the first publicly recognized interstellar object.  One for the history books, but I'm sure not the last!
1101. OK where are the photos???
1102. It looks like a joint
1103. This is how the Flood starts
1104. It's a JOINT!!
1105. It came searching for intelligent life. And finding none, it left. Taking the secrets of the universe with it.
1106. Life imitating Art with Rendevous with Rama by Arthur C. Clarke
1107. Some female alien's vibrator got out of her purse and now flying thru galaxies 😂
1108. Cool!!
1109. GRAB IT!
1110. It is an alien spacecraft!
1111. Very interesting
1112. anyone have any info on the orientation of the asteroid on its trajectory? curious if nose first like a missile or random rotation.
1113. That's no rock. That's a space station!
1114. Us humans should just unite already and stop being selfish creatures bickering over small problems... The real human quest lies in space and everything to be discovered and explored there... One country, One united earth, One mission!
1115. Its an alien space ship cloaked as an an astroid
1116. People: let's go to mars USA: no, we don't have the money People: there's oil in it USA: LET'S GO TO MARS
1117. Am I the only one hoping it is the wreck of a warship from a battle somewhere or do I just read too much space opera?
1118. How come NASA has only seen it, why hasn't Russia seen it. It's not on they news. Are we being lied too?
1119. Looks like a big blunt.
1120. It's long: check.  It's red. check.
1121. If it were an artificially fabricated object, there might be flat external surface areas creating random specular reflections during the rotation that could be so brief they wouldn't be noticed, but just summed into an integrated 'brightness' over the instrument's observation interval. Is ANYBODY dialing their gear to seek brief bright flashes? It's a long shot, of course, but....
1122. Never a straight answer BS!!!
1123. That's no asteroid
1124. NASA is lying.  It's a spacecraft!
1125. NASA is lying.  It's a spacecraft!
1126. NASA is lying.  It's a spacecraft!
1127. NASA is lying.  It's a spacecraft!
1128. 400 meters,,,,,, hmmm why not trying to catch it with some rockets to bring it into earths orbit
1129. NIBIRU
1130. Alien ship sizing us up.
1131. If it left another solar system, how did it gain sufficient escape velocity ... surely the nearest gravitational pull for yonks would have been its own sun?
1132. Snake eyes shows the first scientist is a liar
1133. From the moon landings to this, all made up stories, graphics and stuffs. People should wakeup. Click on more dislikes
1134. Rama?
1135. Ill show you an elongated object...
1136. I'm not saying it was aliens - but aliens. [",]
1137. Its a giant space joint
1138. Why not developing the necessary technology to capture such monolithic objects instead of spending billions in mars colonization ?
1139. Kelly Fast is bae
1140. Capture it! Wtf are you doing nasa? Go go go!
1141. that looks like mass effect spaceships  :)
1142. Rock alien species maybe?
1143. Look . Its Superman
1144. we are calling it: *the object*
1145. Thats a spaceship
1146. 0:28 as a program manager she obviously has colleagues, and no one told her bangs are out for video that could trend? buncha blue falcons in NASA
1147. I think they should nickname it..."Mr Big"
1148. It looks like a massive joint.
1149. Ugh lies.
1150. your nasa, don't use meters
1151. Asteroids are fake.
1152. This is awesoooooome😎😎😎
1153. So maybe not all planets are round?
1154. Thank you for your cruiseby visit. We will see you next 1 million years.
1155. E.T. came back
1156. A giant interstellar giant pooped it out
1157. in of itself...it is not unusual for rocks to have elongated shapes....however it may be unusual for it to have remained in this shape for such a period of time.......based on colour aging processes...it must be very old....billions of years.....that said....there is a reasonable point of view regarding alien construction...it is not impossible......likely or unlikely ....it is not impossible
1158. More by NASA made up BS
1159. Hope it lands on Trumps ego
1160. That chick needs to Fukn relaxxx!!!!!!!
1161. Gort did nothing wrong!  That thing looks like the "landers" from "War Of The Worlds" hmmmmmm......
1162. How does this sit with flat earthers?
1163. It’s Aliens disguised as a hot dog asteroid
1164. Its obiously an alien ship.
1165. NEO must be carefully observed and we appreciate any single effort you make
1166. That could have come down and landed next to the Gerkin - would have given us something better to look at
1167. its a disguised alien scout craft its mission was to map out planet earth and then eventually leave. they will use this information to see how weak we are as humans and will come down with massive ufos and will start harvesting humans as it is a major resource that they need and any other resource of earth will be taken using there advanced harvesting machines
1168. Why did some people thumbs down the video?  Is it a fake news liberal conspiracy?
1169. lololololololool......lolololololololol.,
1170. I've seen a cigar shaped UFO similar to this Astroid ... Mothership? 😂
1171. It's a turdsteroid.
1172. Interstellar pony express :)
1173. Elongated? 400m long? It's an asteroid-camouflaged alien space ship!
1174. The above reminds me of a planet killer asteroid from a Star Trek episode.   Check it out!    http://www.nexusroute.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/planet_killer.jpg
1175. And another species observes earth and determines that it has no intelligent life.... Lol
1176. Expelled or set on coarse???? Lol
1177. go sample it
1178. Funny how the nice folks at NASA were very cautious about suggesting it could be an alien space craft. It could be some kind of space ark and all its occupants since long dead now and it's hurtling through space out of control.
1179. Why can we take photos of things like this but we can’t take a photos of the moon 🌓 to prove that we did land on it ? Just asking that’s all
1180. Just imagine if it had a fossil, what would the fossil  look like?
1181. Why is this trending now? We knew about this since October.
1182. So where is the real picture of this instead of this CGI bull💩
1183. Earth is not a sphere: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXJGYoFI8lXEDOG3gNF38-PXDX9STnkeU  Please..  without relying on the NASA, the military, or the government.. try to prove this wrong...  Earth is not a sphere.
1184. It's a spaceship.
1185. I think it's fitting that a woman named Kelly Fast got a job in the aerospace industry.
1186. Looks too much like ‘visitors’ to me
1187. Notice how i'm no longer fooled by this whole stage illusion, and how it works.  ..you lying, demonic, perverted cowards.
1188. Nibiru
1189. It comes in peace, in one piece.
1190. Legal aliens.
1191. Mon Calamari visiting us?
1192. the alien that took that dump must be massive!!!
1193. I saw that rock a billion year ago nothing new here people
1194. It's God's toenail clipping.
1195. It’s a interstellar spaceship
1196. It's the picture of flat earth lol
1197. Get a hint nerds.... it's a FREAKING SPACESHIP!!!!!!!! YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!
1198. It was a reco space ship to find and scavenge planet like us we havz been spotted :3
1199. This is awesome!
1200. Oumaumua, I've come to bargain.
1201. Okay, Kelly, calm down, you need to get out more.
1202. A ship maybe??
1203. "COME ON TARS!"
1204. Thats my spaceship
1205. *puts tin foil hat on*
1206. Interesting fact 😅 Some scientists believe that the universe is up to 10^10^100 meters long. If this is true, then it is statistically impossible for there not to be exact copies of ourselves. Reason being... the total possible combinations of atoms and molecules that can be formed is 10^10^70. So yeah.... There may very well be another you out there in the universe 😁😁
1207. It's a space ship lol
1208. I wish we had made the maximum efort to land on in before it went forever
1209. No one else sees a giant space blunt?!
1210. ALIENS!...
1211. Why didn't you guys capture it?  How many more decades/centuries/ EONS are you going to have to wait until another one comes by?
1212. If that's the actual shape of it it's not rock you can't really catch something of that size or stop it we don't have the resources to but we can definitely change its path probably slam it into a moon or something that way we can study it😄
1213. Space Shuttle for immediate mission
1214. #spacesausage
1215. Could of experienced a strong force between black holes or neutron stars to stretch it and somehow escapes the force
1216. It should definitely have been called Rama, its almost the same shape as the rama craft in ACClarks books.
1217. *Spaceship*
1218. Kinda like the Arrival alien ships. Not quite but somewhat close
1219. Interstellar light is from...yooouu
1220. Fake news nasa shame on you
1221. ... very long and narrow? ... So, .. .it's a Star Cruiser?
1222. Obviously it's Red Dwarf!
1223. you people at nasa will share in eternal torment with every other false prophet. your lies from satan deceive the world, but the LORD thy God is not of this world. how are those "van allen belts" treating your pathetic attempts to break through the firmament, into the waters above? the earth is angled at 66.6 degrees towards the sun right? the LORD will mock in derision the day your fear cometh.
1224. They should mine that rock to see if they find any new material, energies, or anything new that could change the world on a great technological level.
1225. Very exciting.  Plus, this object is traveling at an amazing velocity!  How fast is it moving?
1226. God laughing at this "scientist's" i've seen hubble telescope images  and there is not doubt God created the vast of firmament to make eloquent people look like fools with their theory of evillussion.stop clowning around repent and our creator can forgive you and restore your common sense. So just stop spreading lies and stupidity to the masses.
1227. Randevous with Rama
1228. Only came in here cause I thought that pic was a joint (puff puff pass)
1229. Looks like a big poo
1230. Ahhh ahhh ahhh our rock camo seem to fooled them!
1231. Alien space ship?
1232. Probably ur already know
1233. One explanation:       Aliens
1234. Maybe the initial pass is to collect enough energy from the sun to start up the ship and wakes up the crew, the 180-degree turn coming soon.
1235. 1:41 that guy stole hitlers mustache.
1236. iam suprized the sun didnt catch this thing
1237. Why does it leave our solar system??? Why isn`t this tiny bit catched by the Sun, and enters orbit???
1238. sounds like a movie "life force". any space vampires?
1239. I m also. A YouTuber  please help me to make a video as yours please
1240. When its actually an alien spaceship coming for our sun
1241. Obvious interstellar ark is obvious.
1242. "Asteroid" Um no. That's a UFO and inside are Aliens.
1243. I wonder If this went thru a black hole
1244. Zues just took a dump.
1245. should try to hit it with a weapon to try and get a peace of it for study
1246. It's come to dicc us down
1247. IT'S RUSSIA
1248. Plot twist,it's a teleportation device sent from an alien planet. 👾👾👾
1249. Let us not become complacent, sure this Fell Stone this, Fatal Rock missed us this time another surely follows it AND given the high likelihood of so many other Civilizations thru out our Universe,  is it not well on it's way to Wipe-out some other unsuspecting Intergalactic Neighbor of ours?!!
1250. Fools they're spying on us
1251. From ourselvs lol
1252. Can't believe an interstellar asteroid passed through our solar system. And we didn't get the chance to see!
1253. Ye it looks like a massive spacwship to me woohoo maybe we all get saved after all .t.y
1254. Wow! Another rock swimming in space! What an impressive piece of rock!
1255. Its just a rock
1256. Probably debris from some Quasar or other exploding star. Some cosmic events are beyond our comprehension.
1257. Comment section   1. Tin foil hat references  2. This comment
1258. I wonder if this object is from two planets in a distant solar system colliding and it being a crustal fragment launched out at high speed.
1259. Pass my lighter
1260. I never really thought about it until now, but I wonder where Voyager is headed, and how long before it gets there?
1261. Why is the universume so big? Why gives planets? are where alone? I think no
1262. Why is the universume so big? Why gives planets? are where alone? I think no
1263. Passing of Nibiru is supposed to send random space debris towards earth. If it's real, could be part of it.
1264. Why is the universume so big? Why gives planets? are where alone? I think no
1265. Love how they are really trying not to say ALIENS but their smiles are.
1266. Do we have technology for capturing​ the astroids yet?
1267. Should have named it "OUMUAEWAMOU SHINDEIRU"       NANIIIIII  Collision with earth!!!!!!!!!!!!
1268. Its an alien probe to test our response.
1269. Who else thought it was a giant joint in space?
1270. "When other solar systems send their asteroids, they are not sending their best".... Just kidding. This is a fantastic Discovery 😌
1271. Its a shard of the traveler!
1272. the real challenge s to bring it back to earth...
1273. You know how it got that shape...      Aliens.
1274. maybe it was an alien dildo😂😂😂
1275. I really admire the woman in the red shirt. It’s easy to see she loves her job and can truly appreciate the majesty of such a discovery. Her excitement is kind of contagious!
1276. Strongely reminds me of Arthur C. Clarke's "Rama" series. A cigar-shaped (potentially partly) metallic object coming from the outer space...
1277. I like how they clarify it's a NASA funded project.
1278. Ohhh my God..They are coming...Every man for himself,women and children last.....
1279. It's a flat planet out of orbit
1280. A monolith :o
1281. Alien spacecraft?
1282. Cool...
1283. Planetary Defence Officer, that is a badass profession.
1284. Who's been throwing rocks at my property?  Rotten alien kids.
1285. Really an unnatural shape......must be aliens.
1286. It's a cigarette
1287. ' is that real asteriod a ROLL
1288. Looks like a planet took a dump.
1289. It's retro
1290. im sure from the truth of the theory i dont have a prove but im sure that its right, i would like to share this theory upon price offer ;) cakirmeric@hotmail.com
1291. Its the silver surfer
1292. NASA and Tesla should get their engineers together and try to catch it. ********************
1293. So they were excited aboutva rock?
1294. Looks like a joint
1295. The universe is 13.82 billion years old. Could it really be flying there for billions of years?
1296. Can we not catch hold of it
1297. wow cool movie
1298. Good thing Humpback Whales are not extinct, or we all woulda been dead meat.
1299. It’s jenova! She has come for earth!
1300. It's the Nostromo. Lol. Seriously though what do we have that can be diverted or launched to take a closer look?
1301. Looks like a huge joint.
1302. Can I add this elongated rock traveled that far missed every other object in those trillions upon trillions of miles unscathed never got attracted to any orbiting planet's etc What we need is untouched photos of this object then we can decide what is what
1303. Looks like a big joint
1304. before anyone says it's an alien spaceship people must realize that only ant people could live on that.
1305. GIANT HOT CHEETO!
1306. Those bangs are clearly not of this solar system.
1307. Let's face it these lot have being payed thousands a year and I bet millions of these objects have wized past us millions of time from out their but some they won't talk about
1308. LOOK LIKE A SEED
1309. 84 dislikes.. Earth is flat.
1310. what if its a message
1311. I thought tht was a joint at first
1312. Just tell us about aliens...
1313. fake, earth is only 5000 years old nothing is older than that.  And the footage looks cgi tbh
1314. Xenomorphs
1315. GOOD THING WE CUT FUNDING FOR THIS TYPA STUFF,  WAAAAAAY TO GO....
1316. No such thing as space
1317. Why does everyone at NASA still look like they are stuck in the 1990's?
1318. Space doobie.
1319. Space lol prove it show it to us without pictures and screens.... I dont pay taxes so its very laughable when ppl do because "its out there" "trust us"
1320. #fakenews
1321. hey aliens nice try but you missed!
1322. You guys fund things? You are dirt poor and you still fund things? huh.......
1323. First thing I thought of when I heard the description of this object was the book"Rendezvous with Rama"...  I know its probably not..  But this objects trajectory    , the shape, the way it is getting a course correction and boost from our sun....  feels an awful lot like the book.
1324. Back to the bebop
1325. Tin foilers? Ya would say that when they believed in aliens, now they wear tin foils if you don't believe in these wak jobs, every single one of u r blind, haha
1326. None of this is real. All of it is CGI animation and nothing more.
1327. What if the trajectory was changed  from colliding with another object in our solar system? The trajectory could be misleading if it's the result of a collision somewhere in the solar system.  Probably not the case though but questions should be encouraged.
1328. "What do you work as?" Oh you know.. I'm just a planetary defense officer.
1329. Fake News !!
1330. Cool! It still looks like a joint, though.
1331. ITS YA BOY....😁
1332. Don't let them fool you it's a star destroyer.
1333. Aliens.
1334. Its long......????? Its unusual?????? Puzzling????? Different colour??????....... I guess Its an alien invasion on its way............ The last line... "We will be detecting more of these in the future".... Bye bye humanity......😨😨😨😨💀💀
1335. Weird. Stretched by the void?
1336. Debris from Alderaan after it was blown up.
1337. I hope it's a ship
1338. it could be an alien craft to investigate earth
1339. Its technically a UFO
1340. Does this look like the obelisk from 2001 to anyone else?
1341. How much energy would it take to slow it down? Beyond that, it's probably moving too quick for us to even hope to attempt this.
1342. Sooo... 502,400 m³ of cosmic rock, mass somewhere between 1.0 and 3.5 million tonnes, coming in at some 300,000 km/h ... sounds as though Earth got rather lucky this time. Relative to the length of its approach, this thing missed us by a fraction of hair's breadth.
1343. Imagine the secrets these people know nd are hiding
1344. An illustration is supposed to wow us too? pfffft.  Comon.
1345. It's the silver surfer!!
1346. Interstellar kenetic bombardment ? And it's a miss
1347. Aliens
1348. Aliens
1349. good job nasa..
1350. First Interstellar Asteroid:   192,128 views in 19 hours First Kardashian Miscarriage:    1,752,000 views in 19 hours.    We're fine..  no problems here!
1351. 1:14 . Thats how i would describe my "asteroid" 😅
1352. Nobody talking about Kellys crazy eyes
1353. quer dizer que poderíamos estar todos mortos e ninguém sabia de nada
1354. Star Wars forever!
1355. OUMUAMUA means messenger from afar arriving first
1356. Omuamua= oh my my
1357. When you realize we've seen this thing after we could have been annihilated by it.
1358. Rendezvous with Rama
1359. Perhaps its a super dense elongated non natural object that has accumulated rock and dust on its travels through space. Can NASA fully determine its core composition?
1360. They should've bombed it in a calculated way that allows some of the debris to fall on earth or even the moon so we can study it.
1361. Tyler from secureteam10 has a theory about this. Tinfoil hat or not? You decide. https://youtu.be/vKi3rilJzuA https://youtu.be/vJuvG_sDias
1362. Dr Evil is coming back
1363. looks a lot like some of those cigar shaped ships that have been captured on film that monitors the sun.  Too bad with the millions NASA gets that you have such poor cameras
1364. *IT'S DRAGON BALL SUPER ARENA*
1365. Hello NASA. Does that lady scientist have a boyfriend?
1366. It’s the new Apple Plane with Steve Jobs alive inside..
1367. Its sad that we dont have the technology to go out and collect some samples from this object that has been traveling for countless years in a random fashion and just so happens to come past earth
1368. More in the future? ......min 3:00....
1369. I've always wanted to work at NASA
1370. Maybe it's a fragment from a planetary collision ejected from the star system?
1371. The asteroid was discovered on my birthday....
1372. They are coming to take Alex Jones back home..
1373. Ayyliens?
1374. So that's where my giant dump of 2013 ended up ...
1375. We saw a rock in space. We made several guesses concerning the rock. Science
1376. Sweet! We fly into a space rock with a weird shape. I love nasa, keep it up!
1377. Reapers!
1378. Aliens!!!😀
1379. Why is there no actual photo of it? since you can observe it etc, only showing illustrations
1380. Finally RAMA is coming for a visit!
1381. Are we alone?
1382. so did the scientists say "wow" when they found it
1383. right its an interstellar Cheeto lads.
1384. It’s a Fasteroid, LOL
1385. its an alien poo er sorry! ill go now ...enjoy!!!
1386. menteur j'ai des photo de ça il va derrière la lune
1387. It looks like one of the ships from mass effect.
1388. This elongated shape is what puzzles me the most. I don't see any possible way for an asteroid to attain that shape from natural causes like collisions with other objects.
1389. Is that the 'Mysterious Black Monilith' from 2001: A Space Odyssey?
1390. To bad we couldn't capture it in a lunar orbit for science and possible mining.
1391. There's no way this is just a big space rock.  Sorry, but decades of commercial scifi entertainment and wingnut conspiracy theories have taught me this can only be something other than what NASA says it is.  They didn't mention the cookbook - and you know aliens bent on eating us would be smart enough to not mention their cookbook.  Or it's something else with direct connections to pop culture.  Aliens or Bruce WIllis or something about the whales.  Because commercial entertainment tells us what new discoveries really are.
1392. It's time for a Rendezvous with Oumuamua.
1393. Saturns moon Iapetus was thought to be elongated due to its 6-fold variation in brightness. It tuned out to be a 6-fold reduction in brightness as one side was covered in a very dark in colour. But I guess the long thin idea is always more exciting
1394. I wonder how many other stars or planets have given a slingshot with a new trajectory
1395. I wish it would land on Trump.
1396. Breaking news:  The object is slowing down.
1397. So, 10x longer than wide, spinning along it's long axis, no dust or other stuff coming off it, and making a "slingshot" pass of our sun from above? And not one suggestion that it might not be a rock????
1398. MARIJUANA! There! I said what we're all thinking.
1399. Hello RAMA
1400. Spaceship shaped rock, hmmmm.
1401. It's like...Look at me! I waited for you to have the technology to detect and study me after billions of years!..(1 millisecond in space terms) Great find👍
1402. Mr. Clarke was correct, RAMA is coming ;-) just a bit early and we don’t have anything to intercept it for up close study.
1403. Space ship
1404. Like he knows for sure it is a piece of another system. Theory I will give you. Prove your statement. Wait you can't. Also why no photos? As I look at the animation it sure seemed to come close enough for good images.
1405. Try to stop it and study it NASA.
1406. ol' Lindley should reconsider his facial hair choices.
1407. My money's on a fossilized, preserved space whale with a small, vacant space station contained inside.
1408. This may explain the “shards/towers” on the moon? I’m visualising this shard like object spinning through space, then striking/landing ‘end on’, a moon etc., based on relative trajectory speeds in a vacuum??
1409. How is that shape not a spaceship?
1410. Imagine the Voyager spacecraft being detected like this after billions of years by some alien species and causing a global sensation on the alien planet. They would look at the sky and wonder with awe, but perhaps we would be long gone....
1411. How about if this is just one of 100 rocks to just come thru? And the rest of them are just behind it.
1412. Irony is - A Flat object Found When Flat Earther's Conference is Going on.. hahaha
1413. God dropped his doobie.
1414. So was it detected before it passed or after it had already flown by?
1415. Odd if I was to build an interstellar probe. It may look like Oumuamua when passing through a solar system. One end is shielding from dust collisions damage from the trip and the other end is a big thruster for leaving your solar system at high velocity and deep in the middle is a deployable probe to study a solar system. How you get your probe deployed is simple start a fast tumble of the craft end over end while passing near a star. When centripetal force plus gravitational pull just right the small probe pops out of the end of the main craft into a stable orbit around the star. Now the thousands of years doing a unstoppable interstellar trip would have allowed the build up of dust on the outer shell of the craft as it ran into asteroids and shatered then into dust on collision which is why it looks like an asteroid. I know its not likely, but what if?
1416. Do we even have anything that could intercept that?, even if we knew it was coming like 10 years ago? I guess we could have put something in its path to get a few fly-by pics, but it looks to fast to catch, (even with a few slingshots?)
1417. Hale-Bopp's gate enthusiasts........ don't drink the koolaid yet.This is certainly not the first interstellar object in our solar system nor will be the last. The shape as undefined by science yet will be, and I'm willing to bet it will be amazing to everyone in the scientific community. But do not fear, There will be some new conspiracy to wring your hands about coming along soon enough.
1418. rama rendezvous?
1419. So are we just going to accept that Hitler's son works at NASA?!?!
1420. The fantastic elongated shape of this so called intersteller object has NOT been seen by any human eyes or human instruments. The depicted space fantasy ART is a wild estimate based on the lightcurve study of a moving flickering dot in space. In simple terms, the variation of reflected light from this moving tiny dot is plotted on a graph over time and the result is a cyclical wave pattern and then scientists make estimates of what shape can cause it. Similar lightcurve based shape estimations of Comet 67p in 2012 proved to be totally wrong when photos of the comet arrived in 2014, despite all the space expertise, fancy maths & "science". Visit the links below. Hopefully, they get approved for public viewing.
1421. NASA you don't fool me that is a zentraedi cruser.
1422. It looks like a shard of a shattered planet, possibly from an exploding star.
1423. Rendezvous with Rama.
1424. Admiral Akbar?
1425. It's a spaceship from a long lost alien civilization 645 million years ago, it's been in multiple collisions with other space debris and is now mostly unrecognizable from it's original form other than it's general shape.
1426. reminded me of the Black Knight Satellite
1427. I've yet to hear someone say the asteroids name out loud.
1428. the eyes never lie and yet they do.
1429. Whoa! At 2:25 - look at his arms, face, hands and Adam's Apple!
1430. It's a covenant cruiser. We will be invaded by elites soon.
1431. NASA tell the truth to the public on the other discoveries that you already know..This is just another example of distraction.
1432. neat
1433. that was an illustration, it's really an interstellar blurry spec
1434. My god...someone find a whale quick! Before it vaporises our oceans!!!
1435. Silver Surfer's Surfboard  ???!!!!
1436. It's aliens
1437. Rama?
1438. Eu quero trabalhar na NASA , vou pra Saturno e Plutão um dia ...
1439. First contact with an interstellar object, we should have capture it!
1440. The great shaft will come and shaft us all
1441. Is the term "asteroid" appropriate for this kind of object?  Maybe we should come up with a new name for them.
1442. Why we try to take samples from it?
1443. This reminds me of the Rama books by Arthur C Clark
1444. Rama.
1445. It's an amazing job guys! Also, it's impossible do not remember the book "Rendezvous with Rama", of Arthur C. Clarke.
1446. Not!
1447. It's the Rendezvous with RAMA!
1448. And the earth  is round
1449. You have know idea what your even reading
1450. It looks like a rebellion ship
1451. It's not too  late!  Capture is impossible (and pointless) but a rendezvous is possible. It would be crazy but cool! Launch a BFR ( or SLS) in 2024, accelerate hard, obtain a gravity boost from the sun and then from the Earth, carry enough fuel to decelerate (not much needed), match object's position and trajectory in 2039.  BFR can carry a gigantic load of instruments. Analytical sampling methods include launching  an impactor at the object to cause a burst of material off the surface which can be captured and analyzed. Results sent to Earth.  BFR remains in in orbit around object, perhaps to tantalize the next viewer in a billion years.
1452. Sad this has only 30k views, when gucci gang gets 72million.
1453. That's a big Twinkie.. 1:12
1454. I wish they could land a camera and reciever on it to see how far it goes and sends pics back
1455. Wow, that’s awesome!
1456. Alien machinery was mining something bigger to make that shape
1457. please be tyranids...
1458. How fast was it going.
1459. It is a derelict spaceship...... from another galaxy....
1460. a ship drifting in space..
1461. It's something mysterious
1462. Its fake
1463. This is a great discovery.   Hope to see more of this in the future.  Well done guys. 👍
1464. more cgi bs ....
1465. Priority #1 Mission!!!! It could be Rama!
1466. I saw one these when I rose above the toilet bowl this morning.. 😉
1467. Yet scientists can't land on it or at least send a rover to get samples. Fake!
1468. Actually, that is one of my turds that escaped my toilet.
1469. So the reapers r finally here eh. Well good knowing all of you.
1470. It's RAMA - they're just not interested in us this time.  But, they do everything in threes....
1471. невозможная естественная форма, которая бы развалилась от вращения
1472. Chuck Norris threw that into space in the mid 80's, it's his personal Frisbee.
1473. Intergalactic space dookie. The red color really comes from too many beets.
1474. Good work.  Some Artistic license. NASA did their exercise. To make it interesting, It was to produce air burst on edge of atmosphere on earth. It had collision by going through small space body which changed its trajectory. As a substitute a small local space rock was sent to Europe for my doubting watchers. MG1
1475. What direction did it come from? What star system or cluster is in that direction?
1476. It's the first we have ever seen but your puzzled about the shape ? What are you comparing it with ? Is there little people within the cracks ? Will they be visiting earth ?
1477. Ohh really nice
1478. its a giant space d00b
1479. Alright alright alright.
1480. It looks like a doobie.
1481. I really hope we find alien life while I'm still alive. It would bring me tremendous peace.
1482. looks like God rolled a joint
1483. Is that guy's title really Planetary Defense Officer? Cool!
1484. So when they asked the guy what to call it he was eating peanut butter?
1485. A Giant Alien Shat That out
1486. NASA lies
1487. It looks like a giant...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpiP_jN1Pv4
1488. Interesting shape! What could have formed it in such a way?
1489. That's the Whale Probe.  No question about it.  WUBWUBWUBWUBWUB
1490. Red in colour, Cigar shaped.. you know what this means? How can you not all see what this is? Its an Interplanetary Cigar Salesman.
1491. more fake space propaganda from the people who NEVER LANDED ON THE MOON.
1492. It's coming to earth to look for whales.
1493. Luckily that didn't hit earth
1494. Grab it! (maybe the next one..)
1495. It'd be amazing if we had time to land some robots upon it..
1496. Looks like Silver Surfer lost his surfboard
1497. This sounds like the beginning of a sci-fi horror movie.
1498. It's the Doomsday Machine! http://memory-beta.wikia.com/wiki/Doomsday_machine
1499. ...does oxygen-irradiation of iron turn FeOₓ-red, or hematite-gray... ...does this interstellar battered 'teroid cruise at 0° platform heading (no, 7.3 hr tumble); ...how'd you know it's not a battered cigar-shaped interstellar/intergalactic spaceship... ...or an interstellar freeze-dried 'fish'—it has a circular impression of a forward eyeball...
1500. Poopsteroid
1501. "Rendezvous with Rama" becomes real
1502. bring real scientists to speak for Christ sake.  what nonsense is this.......  😡
1503. 7 dislikes? Wow, some people sure have a dim view of the world.
1504. May be this is the real SDF-1 from Robotech/Macross  (Sarcasm)
1505. The trajectory and shape remind me fondly of a great Arthur C Clark book, Rendezvous with Rama.
1506. i love this keyboard asmr give me more
1507. Hollywood needs to get on top of this one
1508. No cult saying it is being followed by a spaceship?
1509. Can we intercept it with a probe?
1510. It's RAMA!
1511. Star Trek Doomsday Machine.
1512. Silver Surfer lost his surfboard.
1513. It would be cool if we could have attached something to it to either track it or simply leave a postcard from earth.
1514. It could've been natural or an alien spaceship using a hologram that used a benign space trajectory to look like an asteroid.
1515. Let´s launch all our counter measure whales. It is coming... https://youtu.be/n0WnsAwsG8s?t=1m2s
1516. Perhaps it became this elongated due to being slingshot around a star very closely to the point where it partially melted, the tip of the asteroid facing the star would melt first, thus allow it to accelerate slightly faster no longer solidly attached to the rear of the asteroid, elongating the entire thing until it distanced itself from the star and solidified back into its new shape. Or, it is the fossilized excrement of a space whale.
1517. could we determine the velocity of the interstellar object?
1518. I hope someone has had the foresight, to take a look in the direction it came from, following its trajectory back to look if they may be any more that have been accompanying this one.
1519. Red dwarf?
1520. Isnt it a stretch of assumption without facts, to say that it definetly came from another solar system? Recent estimates point to rogue planets (planets in the interstellar "void" between stars) to possibly vastly outnumber the amount of planets that orbit stars. Thus, would it not be more likely that this asteroid / chunk of a planet / who knows what, came from a rogue planet than a solar system? Nah, i'm just being annoying here, i know. But just saying, goes to show that even professional astronomers jump to assumptions without even realizing it themselves. We dont live in a world anymore where the ONLY matter in the universe is believed to be around stars. In fact everything shows that to be the minority of matter and planets, rather than the majority.
1521. Can we hitch a ride on it for a few hours and take some samples?  I wana know what it’s made out of
1522. I can't wait until the tin-foil fanatics start saying "NASA is lying.  It's a spacecraft!"
1523. lol, it looks like a piece of poo
1524. It’s a mini Rama
1525. Home one
1526. NASA can detect interstellar asteroids with super high resolution telescopes in orbit around Earth. But can't produce a 1080p video on youtube. Food for thought. All is relative. xD
1527. Haaalo !! That is a very unusual shape, it's proportions do not seem natural. . . With a ratio of 10:1, what possible natural process could form such an asteroid ?
1528. Why is it torpedo shaped?
1529. Interesting. If aliens wanted to come they would have chosen a mundane average small space potato to go unnoticed
1530. Obviously an alien spaceship
1531. Is this "ASTEROID " Occupied or unoccupied  ?
1532. Rendezvous with Rama.  We didn't catch it.  Dang!  Seems to have a similar aspect ratio  :-)
1533. Amazing
1534. It is a relic of an alien space station!
1535. This is truly extraordinary news. If only it could have been better imaged and samples taken! And the color! (Yes, I'm kinda excited.) :)
1536. It's comes to speak to whales
1537. Is NASA going to visit this thing
1538. It's like a sheet, of rock
1539. It's too bad we weren't able to capture it.
1540. The tungsten shard will come... black as night and cold as the celestial background.   From an unwatched angle in the sky.  Like a dagger straight for the heart of planet Eath.
1541. Hollywood is literally destroying human intelligence.
1542. lolololololololol lie lie lies
1543. Closest approach?
1544. We need to board it. The data. Also the shape is eh...unusual... oh god
1545. haven't you seen the doomsday machine star trek episode :D
1546. Is it spinning ?. Aspect ratio 10:1 with spin along minor axis and no spin on major axis would be consistent with non-natural object.
1547. aliens
1548. That is the dankest space rock I've ever seen.
1549. Mentirosos
1550. Sigh....now for the flying saucer trolls to show up     :(
1551. "it's very reddish in color" Because red makes things go faster!
1552. Nibiru  :)
1553. Traducción a español! Please
1554. The  Frist  I love NASA❤
1555. They should've tried to stop it so they could research it. What if it was a chunk of hull from some doomed, alien freighter?
1556. Can we tell the objects composition in any way?
1557. I can already see the tin foil hats drawing over this to show us why it is actually an alien craft.
1558. Aliens! :D
1559. Amazing
1560. It's a spaceship :)
1561. Second
1562. First
